table_name,field_name,field_value,language,translation
stops,stop_name,帯広駅バスターミナル,ja-Hrkt,おびひろえきばすたーみなる
stops,stop_name,帯広駅バスターミナル,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Obihiro Sta.)
stops,stop_name,駅北11丁目,ja-Hrkt,えききたじゅういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,駅北11丁目,en,Ekikita 11-chome
stops,stop_name,西2条9丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじょうきゅうちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西2条9丁目,en,Nishi 2-jo 9-chome
stops,stop_name,西2条7丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじょうななちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西2条7丁目,en,Nishi 2-jo 7-chome
stops,stop_name,西2条4丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじょうよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西2条4丁目,en,Nishi 2-jo 4-chome
stops,stop_name,西2条2丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじょうにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西2条2丁目,en,Nishi 2-jo 2-chome
stops,stop_name,西2条1丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじょういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西2条1丁目,en,Nishi 2-jo 1-chome
stops,stop_name,西5条1丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしごじょういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西5条1丁目,en,Nishi 5-jo 1-chome
stops,stop_name,西5条北3丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしごじょうきたさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西5条北3丁目,en,Nishi 5-jo Kita 3-chome
stops,stop_name,西5条北4丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしごじょうきたよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西5条北4丁目,en,Nishi 5-jo Kita 4-chome
stops,stop_name,西7条北4丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしななじょうきたよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西7条北4丁目,en,Nishi 7-jo Kita 4-chome
stops,stop_name,西9条北4丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしきゅうじょうきたよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西9条北4丁目,en,Nishi 9-jo Kita 4-chome
stops,stop_name,西11条北5丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅういちじょうきたごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西11条北5丁目,en,Nishi 11-jo Kita 5-chome
stops,stop_name,西13条北5丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうさんじょうきたごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西13条北5丁目,en,Nishi 13-jo Kita 13-chome
stops,stop_name,西13条北6丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうさんじょうきたろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西13条北6丁目,en,Nishi 13-jo Kita 6-chome
stops,stop_name,一中前,ja-Hrkt,いっちゅうまえ
stops,stop_name,一中前,en,Icchu-mae
stops,stop_name,西13条北8丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうさんじょうきたはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西13条北8丁目,en,Nishi 13-jo Kita 8-chome
stops,stop_name,西15条北8丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうごじょうきたはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西15条北8丁目,en,Nishi 15-jo Kita 8-chome
stops,stop_name,西16条北2丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうろくじょうきたにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西16条北2丁目,en,Nishi 16-jo Kita 2-chome
stops,stop_name,西17条北2丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうななじょうきたにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西17条北2丁目,en,Nishi 17-jo Kita 2-chome
stops,stop_name,栄保育園前,ja-Hrkt,さかえほいくえんまえ
stops,stop_name,栄保育園前,en,Sakae Hoikuen-mae
stops,stop_name,拓殖バス本社前,ja-Hrkt,たくしょくばすほんしゃまえ
stops,stop_name,拓殖バス本社前,en,Takushoku Bus Honsha-mae(Head Office)
stops,stop_name,北報和,ja-Hrkt,きたほうわ
stops,stop_name,北報和,en,Kita Howa
stops,stop_name,国立帯広病院前,ja-Hrkt,こくりつおびひろびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,国立帯広病院前,en,Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,西17条北1丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうななじょうきたいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西17条北1丁目,en,Nishi 17-jo Kita 1-chome
stops,stop_name,栄小学校前,ja-Hrkt,さかえしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,栄小学校前,en,Sakae Shogakko-mae
stops,stop_name,西16条,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうろくじょう
stops,stop_name,西16条,en,Nishi 16-jo
stops,stop_name,西16条中央,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうろくじょうちゅうおう
stops,stop_name,西16条中央,en,Nishi 16-jo Chuo
stops,stop_name,開発官舎前,ja-Hrkt,かいはつかんしゃまえ
stops,stop_name,開発官舎前,en,Kaihatsu Kansha-mae
stops,stop_name,西15条北3丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうごじょうきたさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西15条北3丁目,en,Nishi 15-jo Kita 3-chome
stops,stop_name,協立病院前,ja-Hrkt,きょうりつびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,協立病院前,en,Kyoritsu Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,玄武住宅前,ja-Hrkt,げんぶじゅうたくまえ
stops,stop_name,玄武住宅前,en,Gembu Jutaku-mae
stops,stop_name,西13条1丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうさんじょういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西13条1丁目,en,Nishi 13-jo 1-chome
stops,stop_name,西12条2丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうにじょうにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西12条2丁目,en,Nishi 12-jo 2-chome
stops,stop_name,西11条2丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅういちじょうにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西11条2丁目,en,Nishi 11-jo 2-chome
stops,stop_name,西10条3丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうじょうさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西10条3丁目,en,Nishi 10-jo 3-chome
stops,stop_name,北栄校前,ja-Hrkt,ほくえいこうまえ
stops,stop_name,北栄校前,en,Hokueiko-mae
stops,stop_name,問屋町6丁目,ja-Hrkt,とんやまちろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,問屋町6丁目,en,Ton-yamachi 6-chome
stops,stop_name,西7条3丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしななじょうさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西7条3丁目,en,Nishi 7-jo 3-chome
stops,stop_name,西5条3丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしごじょうさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西5条3丁目,en,Nishi 5-jo 3-chome
stops,stop_name,西5条4丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしごじょうよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西5条4丁目,en,Nishi 5-jo 4-chome
stops,stop_name,帯広市役所南口,ja-Hrkt,おびひろしやくしょみなみぐち
stops,stop_name,帯広市役所南口,en,Obihiro Shiyakusho Minami-guchi(City Hall)
stops,stop_name,NHK前,ja-Hrkt,えぬえいちけいまえ
stops,stop_name,NHK前,en,NHK-mae
stops,stop_name,帯広中央公園前,ja-Hrkt,おびひろちゅうおうこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,帯広中央公園前,en,Obihiro Chuo Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,西2条8丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじょうはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西2条8丁目,en,Nishi 2-jo 8-chome
stops,stop_name,かじのビル前,ja-Hrkt,かじのびるまえ
stops,stop_name,かじのビル前,en,Kajino Biru-mae
stops,stop_name,帯広駅西口,ja-Hrkt,おびひろえきにしぐち
stops,stop_name,帯広駅西口,en,Obihiro-eki Nishi-guchi(Obihiro Sta. West)
stops,stop_name,西3条9丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしさんじょうきゅうちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西3条9丁目,en,Nishi 3-jo 9-chome
stops,stop_name,西2条6丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじょうろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西2条6丁目,en,Nishi 2-jo 6-chome
stops,stop_name,記念碑前,ja-Hrkt,きねんひまえ
stops,stop_name,記念碑前,en,Kinenhi-mae
stops,stop_name,帯広郵便局前,ja-Hrkt,おびひろゆうびんきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,帯広郵便局前,en,Obihiro Yubinkyoku-mae
stops,stop_name,帯広第2合同庁舎前,ja-Hrkt,おびひろだいにごうどうちょうしゃまえ
stops,stop_name,帯広第2合同庁舎前,en,Obihiro Dai-2 Godo Chosha-mae
stops,stop_name,西5条13丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしごじょうじゅうさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西5条13丁目,en,Nishi 5-jo 13-chome
stops,stop_name,長崎屋前,ja-Hrkt,ながさきやまえ
stops,stop_name,長崎屋前,en,Nagasakiya-mae
stops,stop_name,第一病院前,ja-Hrkt,だいいちびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,第一病院前,en,Daiichi Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,春駒通8条,ja-Hrkt,はるこまどおりはちじょう
stops,stop_name,春駒通8条,en,Harukomadori 8-jo
stops,stop_name,春駒通10条,ja-Hrkt,はるこまどおりじゅうじょう
stops,stop_name,春駒通10条,en,Harukomadori 10-jo
stops,stop_name,春駒通12条,ja-Hrkt,はるこまどおりじゅうにじょう
stops,stop_name,春駒通12条,en,Harukomadori 12-jo
stops,stop_name,春駒通13条,ja-Hrkt,はるこまどおりじゅうさんじょう
stops,stop_name,春駒通13条,en,Harukomadori 13-jo
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘小学校前,ja-Hrkt,みどりがおかしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘小学校前,en,Midorigaoka Shogakko-mae
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘大通,ja-Hrkt,みどりがおかおおどおり
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘大通,en,Midorigaoka Odori
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘6丁目（帯広美術館入口）,ja-Hrkt,みどりがおかろくちょうめ（おびひろびじゅつかんいりぐち）
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘6丁目（帯広美術館入口）,en,Midorigaoka 6-chome(Obihiro Museum of Art)
stops,stop_name,常盤通6丁目,ja-Hrkt,ときわどおりろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,常盤通6丁目,en,Tokiwadori 6-chome
stops,stop_name,西16条6丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうろくじょうろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西16条6丁目,en,Nishi 16-jo 6-chome
stops,stop_name,八中前,ja-Hrkt,はっちゅうまえ
stops,stop_name,八中前,en,Hacchu-mae
stops,stop_name,西17条6丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうななじょうろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西17条6丁目,en,Nishi 17-jo 6-chome
stops,stop_name,自由が丘1丁目,ja-Hrkt,じゆうがおかいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,自由が丘1丁目,en,Jiyugaoka 1-chome
stops,stop_name,自由が丘2丁目,ja-Hrkt,じゆうがおかにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,自由が丘2丁目,en,Jiyugaoka 2-chome
stops,stop_name,自由が丘3丁目,ja-Hrkt,じゆうがおかさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,自由が丘3丁目,en,Jiyugaoka 3-chome
stops,stop_name,西19条6丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうきゅうじょうろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西19条6丁目,en,Nishi 19-jo 6-chome
stops,stop_name,森の交流館下,ja-Hrkt,もりのこうりゅうかんした
stops,stop_name,森の交流館下,en,Mori-no Koryukan-shita
stops,stop_name,自由が丘団地,ja-Hrkt,じゆうがおかだんち
stops,stop_name,自由が丘団地,en,Jiyugaoka Danchi
stops,stop_name,自由が丘6丁目,ja-Hrkt,じゆうがおかろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,自由が丘6丁目,en,Jiyugaoka 6-chome
stops,stop_name,国際センター入口,ja-Hrkt,こくさいせんたーいりぐち
stops,stop_name,国際センター入口,en,Kokusai Center Iriguchi(JICA Obihiro)
stops,stop_name,西20条6丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじゅうじょうろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西20条6丁目,en,Nishi 20-jo 6-chome
stops,stop_name,西10号6丁目（きぼう公園前）,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうごうろくちょうめ（きぼうこうえんまえ）
stops,stop_name,西10号6丁目（きぼう公園前）,en,Nishi 10-go 6-chome(Kibo Koen-mae)
stops,stop_name,西10号5丁目（西20条中央）,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうごうごちょうめ（にしにじゅうじょうちゅうおう）
stops,stop_name,西10号5丁目（西20条中央）,en,Nishi 10-go 5-chome(Nishi 20-jo Chuo)
stops,stop_name,西20条5丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじゅうじょうごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西20条5丁目,en,Nishi 20-jo 5-chome
stops,stop_name,南商業高校前,ja-Hrkt,みなみしょうぎょうこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,南商業高校前,en,Minami Shogyo Koko-mae
stops,stop_name,とりで公園前,ja-Hrkt,とりでこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,とりで公園前,en,Toride Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,公住新緑団地前,ja-Hrkt,こうじゅうしんりょくだんちまえ
stops,stop_name,公住新緑団地前,en,Koju Shinryoku Danchi-mae
stops,stop_name,新緑通21条（メガドンキホーテ西帯広店前）,ja-Hrkt,しんりょくどおりにじゅういちじょう（めがどんきほーてにしおびひろてんまえ）
stops,stop_name,新緑通21条（メガドンキホーテ西帯広店前）,en,Shinryokudori 21-jo(Mega Don Quixote Nishi-obihiro)
stops,stop_name,西20条4丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしにじゅうじょうよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西20条4丁目,en,Nishi 20-jo 4-chome
stops,stop_name,帯広の森野球場前,ja-Hrkt,おびひろのもりやきゅうじょうまえ
stops,stop_name,帯広の森野球場前,en,Obihiro-no Mori Yakyujo-mae
stops,stop_name,帯広の森体育館前,ja-Hrkt,おびひろのもりたいいくかんまえ
stops,stop_name,帯広の森体育館前,en,Obihiro-no Mori Taiikukan-mae
stops,stop_name,帯広の森屋内スケート場前,ja-Hrkt,おびひろのもりおくないすけーとじょうまえ
stops,stop_name,帯広の森屋内スケート場前,en,Obihiro-no Mori Okunai Skate-jo-mae(Оval)
stops,stop_name,白樺学園前,ja-Hrkt,しらかばがくえんまえ
stops,stop_name,白樺学園前,en,Shirakaba Gakuen-mae
stops,stop_name,西8条15丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしはちじょうじゅうごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西8条15丁目,en,Nishi 8-jo 15-chome
stops,stop_name,西8条13丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしはちじょうじゅうさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西8条13丁目,en,Nishi 8-jo 13-chome
stops,stop_name,帯広駅南口,ja-Hrkt,おびひろえきみなみぐち
stops,stop_name,帯広駅南口,en,Obihiro-eki Minami-guchi(Obihiro Sta. South Gate)
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭公園入口,ja-Hrkt,すずらんこうえんいりぐち
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭公園入口,en,Suzuran Koen Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,木野郵便局前,ja-Hrkt,きのゆうびんきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,木野郵便局前,en,Kino Yubinkyoku-mae
stops,stop_name,木野農協前,ja-Hrkt,きののうきょうまえ
stops,stop_name,木野農協前,en,Kino Nokyo-mae
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭橋,ja-Hrkt,すずらんばし
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭橋,en,Suzuran-bashi
stops,stop_name,木野大通8丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通8丁目,en,Kino Odori 8-chome
stops,stop_name,JA福祉施設前,ja-Hrkt,じぇいえいふくししせつまえ
stops,stop_name,JA福祉施設前,en,JA Fukushi Shisetsu-mae
stops,stop_name,木野西通9丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのにしどおりきゅうちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野西通9丁目,en,Kino Nishidori 9-chome
stops,stop_name,木野西通11丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのにしどおりじゅういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野西通11丁目,en,Kino Nishidori 11-chome
stops,stop_name,共栄台幼稚園前,ja-Hrkt,きょうえいだいようちえんまえ
stops,stop_name,共栄台幼稚園前,en,Kyoeidai Yochien-mae
stops,stop_name,共栄団地,ja-Hrkt,きょうえいだんち
stops,stop_name,共栄団地,en,Kyoei Danchi
stops,stop_name,共栄台13丁目,ja-Hrkt,きょうえいだいじゅうさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,共栄台13丁目,en,Kyoeidai 13-chome
stops,stop_name,音更病院前,ja-Hrkt,おとふけびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,音更病院前,en,Otofuke Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,緑陽台南区,ja-Hrkt,りょくようだいみなみく
stops,stop_name,緑陽台南区,en,Ryokuyodai Minami-ku
stops,stop_name,緑陽台公園前,ja-Hrkt,りょくようだいこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,緑陽台公園前,en,Ryokuyodai Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,緑陽台8線,ja-Hrkt,りょくようだいはっせん
stops,stop_name,緑陽台8線,en,Ryokuyodai 8-sen
stops,stop_name,緑陽台北区,ja-Hrkt,りょくようだいきたく
stops,stop_name,緑陽台北区,en,Ryokuyodai Kita-ku
stops,stop_name,音更大通20丁目,ja-Hrkt,おとふけおおどおりにじっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,音更大通20丁目,en,Otofuke Odori 20-chome
stops,stop_name,南住吉台,ja-Hrkt,みなみすみよしだい
stops,stop_name,南住吉台,en,Minami-sumiyoshidai
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘病院前,ja-Hrkt,みどりがおかびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,緑ヶ丘病院前,en,Midorigaoka Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,大谷短大前,ja-Hrkt,おおたにたんだいまえ
stops,stop_name,大谷短大前,en,Otani Tandai-mae(Junior College)
stops,stop_name,サンドームおとふけ前,ja-Hrkt,さんどーむおとふけまえ
stops,stop_name,サンドームおとふけ前,en,Sun-dome Otofuke-mae
stops,stop_name,希望が丘公園前,ja-Hrkt,きぼうがおかこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,希望が丘公園前,en,Kibogaoka Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘南区,ja-Hrkt,ゆうひがおかみなみく
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘南区,en,Yuhigaoka Minami-ku
stops,stop_name,音更中学校前,ja-Hrkt,おとふけちゅうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,音更中学校前,en,Otofuke Chugakko-mae
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘会館前,ja-Hrkt,ゆうひがおかかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘会館前,en,Yuhigaoka Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘仲区,ja-Hrkt,ゆうひがおかなかく
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘仲区,en,Yuhigaoka Naka-ku
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘仲公園前,ja-Hrkt,ゆうひがおかなかこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘仲公園前,en,Yuhigaoka Naka Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘北区,ja-Hrkt,ゆうひがおかきたく
stops,stop_name,雄飛が丘北区,en,Yuhigaoka Kita-ku
stops,stop_name,音更西1線,ja-Hrkt,おとふけにしいっせん
stops,stop_name,音更西1線,en,Otofuke Nishi 1-sen
stops,stop_name,門前8号,ja-Hrkt,もんぜんはちごう
stops,stop_name,門前8号,en,Monzen 8-go
stops,stop_name,門前9号,ja-Hrkt,もんぜんきゅうごう
stops,stop_name,門前9号,en,Monzen 9-go
stops,stop_name,門前10号,ja-Hrkt,もんぜんじゅうごう
stops,stop_name,門前10号,en,Monzen 10-go
stops,stop_name,門前,ja-Hrkt,もんぜん
stops,stop_name,門前,en,Monzen
stops,stop_name,音更高校前,ja-Hrkt,おとふけこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,音更高校前,en,Otofuke Koko-mae
stops,stop_name,北親福祉センター,ja-Hrkt,ほくしんふくしせんたー
stops,stop_name,北親福祉センター,en,Hokushin Fukushi Center
stops,stop_name,西8条北7丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしはちじょうきたななちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西8条北7丁目,en,Nishi 8-jo Kita 7-chome
stops,stop_name,西11条北8丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅういちじょうきたはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西11条北8丁目,en,Nishi 11-jo Kita 8-chome
stops,stop_name,おおや整形前,ja-Hrkt,おおやせいけいまえ
stops,stop_name,おおや整形前,en,Oya Seikei-mae
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭南5丁目,ja-Hrkt,みなみすずらんみなみごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭南5丁目,en,Minami-suzuran Minami 5-chome
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭南3丁目,ja-Hrkt,みなみすずらんみなみさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭南3丁目,en,Minami-suzuran Minami 3-chome
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭,ja-Hrkt,みなみすずらん
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭,en,Minami-suzuran
stops,stop_name,清和,ja-Hrkt,せいわ
stops,stop_name,清和,en,Seiwa
stops,stop_name,清和北,ja-Hrkt,せいわきた
stops,stop_name,清和北,en,Seiwa Kita
stops,stop_name,下音更中学校前,ja-Hrkt,しもおとふけちゅうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,下音更中学校前,en,Shimo-otofuke Chugakko-mae
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭保育園前,ja-Hrkt,すずらんほいくえんまえ
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭保育園前,en,Suzuran Hoikuen-mae
stops,stop_name,中鈴蘭,ja-Hrkt,なかすずらん
stops,stop_name,中鈴蘭,en,Naka-suzuran
stops,stop_name,青葉町,ja-Hrkt,あおばちょう
stops,stop_name,青葉町,en,Aobacho
stops,stop_name,北鈴蘭南4丁目,ja-Hrkt,きたすずらんみなみよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,北鈴蘭南4丁目,en,Kita-suzuran Minami 4-chome
stops,stop_name,北蘭団地,ja-Hrkt,ほくらんだんち
stops,stop_name,北蘭団地,en,Hokuran Danchi
stops,stop_name,共栄新橋,ja-Hrkt,きょうえいしんばし
stops,stop_name,共栄新橋,en,Kyoei Shimbashi
stops,stop_name,木野新町公園前,ja-Hrkt,きのしんまちこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,木野新町公園前,en,Kino Shinmachi Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,木野コミセン前,ja-Hrkt,きのこみせんまえ
stops,stop_name,木野コミセン前,en,Kino Komisen-mae(Community Center)
stops,stop_name,北栄校正門前,ja-Hrkt,ほくえいこうせいもんまえ
stops,stop_name,北栄校正門前,en,Hokueiko Seimon-mae
stops,stop_name,西7条北1丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしななじょうきたいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西7条北1丁目,en,Nishi 7-jo Kita 1-chome
stops,stop_name,西7条北2丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしななじょうきたにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西7条北2丁目,en,Nishi 7-jo Kita 2-chome
stops,stop_name,木野大通12丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりじゅうにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通12丁目,en,Kino Odori 12-chome
stops,stop_name,木野大通14丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりじゅうよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通14丁目,en,Kino Odori 14-chome
stops,stop_name,木野大通15丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりじゅうごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通15丁目,en,Kino Odori 15-chome
stops,stop_name,木野大通16丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりじゅうろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通16丁目,en,Kino Odori 16-chome
stops,stop_name,木野大通18丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりじゅうはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通18丁目,en,Kino Odori 18-chome
stops,stop_name,よつ葉乳業前,ja-Hrkt,よつばにゅうぎょうまえ
stops,stop_name,よつ葉乳業前,en,Yotsuba Nyugyo-mae
stops,stop_name,音更新通17丁目,ja-Hrkt,おとふけしんどおりじゅうななちょうめ
stops,stop_name,音更新通17丁目,en,Otofuke Shindori 17-chome
stops,stop_name,音更新通15丁目,ja-Hrkt,おとふけしんどおりじゅうごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,音更新通15丁目,en,Otofuke Shindori 15-chome
stops,stop_name,音更新通11丁目,ja-Hrkt,おとふけしんどおりじゅういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,音更新通11丁目,en,Otofuke Shindori 11-chome
stops,stop_name,音更大通11丁目,ja-Hrkt,おとふけおおどおりじゅういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,音更大通11丁目,en,Otofuke Odori 11-chome
stops,stop_name,音更役場前,ja-Hrkt,おとふけやくばまえ
stops,stop_name,音更役場前,en,Otofuke Yakuba-mae(Town Hall)
stops,stop_name,プロスパ6,ja-Hrkt,ぷろすぱろく
stops,stop_name,プロスパ6,en,Prosper 6
stops,stop_name,音更大通4丁目,ja-Hrkt,おとふけおおどおりよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,音更大通4丁目,en,Otofuke Odori 4-chome
stops,stop_name,音更大通1丁目,ja-Hrkt,おとふけおおどおりいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,音更大通1丁目,en,Otofuke Odori 1-chome
stops,stop_name,音更車両センター前,ja-Hrkt,おとふけしゃりょうせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,音更車両センター前,en,Otofuke Sharyo Center-mae
stops,stop_name,駒場中学校前,ja-Hrkt,こまばちゅうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,駒場中学校前,en,Komaba Chugakko-mae
stops,stop_name,駒場,ja-Hrkt,こまば
stops,stop_name,駒場,en,Komaba
stops,stop_name,駒場郵便局前,ja-Hrkt,こまばゆうびんきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,駒場郵便局前,en,Komaba Yubinkyoku-mae
stops,stop_name,十勝牧場,ja-Hrkt,とかちぼくじょう
stops,stop_name,十勝牧場,en,Tokachi Bokujo
stops,stop_name,東士狩入口,ja-Hrkt,ひがししかりいりぐち
stops,stop_name,東士狩入口,en,Higashi-shikari Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,誉橋,ja-Hrkt,ほまればし
stops,stop_name,誉橋,en,Homare-bashi
stops,stop_name,上然別,ja-Hrkt,かみしかりべつ
stops,stop_name,上然別,en,Kami-shikaribetsu
stops,stop_name,音更集団研修施設前,ja-Hrkt,おとふけしゅうだんけんしゅうしせつまえ
stops,stop_name,音更集団研修施設前,en,Otofuke Shudan Kenshu Shisetsu-mae
stops,stop_name,上然別6線,ja-Hrkt,かみしかりべつろくせん
stops,stop_name,上然別6線,en,Kami-shikaribetsu 6-sen
stops,stop_name,町界,ja-Hrkt,ちょうかい
stops,stop_name,町界,en,Chokai
stops,stop_name,上然別10線,ja-Hrkt,かみしかりべつじゅっせん
stops,stop_name,上然別10線,en,Kami-shikaribetsu 10-sen
stops,stop_name,上然別11線,ja-Hrkt,かみしかりべつじゅういっせん
stops,stop_name,上然別11線,en,Kami-shikaribetsu 11-sen
stops,stop_name,新然別,ja-Hrkt,しんしかりべつ
stops,stop_name,新然別,en,Shin-shikaribetsu
stops,stop_name,新然別13線,ja-Hrkt,しんしかりべつじゅうさんせん
stops,stop_name,新然別13線,en,Shin-shikaribetsu 13-sen
stops,stop_name,鹿追橋,ja-Hrkt,しかおいばし
stops,stop_name,鹿追橋,en,Shikaoi-bashi
stops,stop_name,鹿追2号,ja-Hrkt,しかおいにごう
stops,stop_name,鹿追2号,en,Shikaoi 2-go
stops,stop_name,鹿追4号,ja-Hrkt,しかおいよんごう
stops,stop_name,鹿追4号,en,Shikaoi 4-go
stops,stop_name,鹿追5号,ja-Hrkt,しかおいごごう
stops,stop_name,鹿追5号,en,Shikaoi 5-go
stops,stop_name,鹿追6号,ja-Hrkt,しかおいろくごう
stops,stop_name,鹿追6号,en,Shikaoi 6-go
stops,stop_name,下市街,ja-Hrkt,しもしがい
stops,stop_name,下市街,en,Shimo-shigai
stops,stop_name,トリムセンター前,ja-Hrkt,とりむせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,トリムセンター前,en,Trim Center-mae
stops,stop_name,神田日勝記念美術館前（道の駅しかおい）,ja-Hrkt,かんだにっしょうきねんびじゅつかんまえ（みちのえきしかおい）
stops,stop_name,神田日勝記念美術館前（道の駅しかおい）,en,Kanda Nissho Kinen Bijutsukan-mae(Memorial Museum of Art)
stops,stop_name,中市街,ja-Hrkt,なかしがい
stops,stop_name,中市街,en,Naka-shigai
stops,stop_name,鹿追高校前,ja-Hrkt,しかおいこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,鹿追高校前,en,Shikaoi Koko-mae
stops,stop_name,鹿追役場前,ja-Hrkt,しかおいやくばまえ
stops,stop_name,鹿追役場前,en,Shikaoi Yakuba-mae(Town Hall)
stops,stop_name,新町1丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんまちいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新町1丁目,en,Shinmachi 1-chome
stops,stop_name,新町2丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんまちにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新町2丁目,en,Shinmachi 2-chome
stops,stop_name,鹿追営業所前,ja-Hrkt,しかおいえいぎょうしょまえ
stops,stop_name,鹿追営業所前,en,Shikaoi Eigyosho-mae(Takushoku Bus Shikaoi Office)
stops,stop_name,泉町3丁目,ja-Hrkt,いずみまちさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,泉町3丁目,en,Izumimachi 3-chome
stops,stop_name,西町3丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしまちさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西町3丁目,en,Nishimachi 3-chome
stops,stop_name,山岸農園前（カントリーパパ）,ja-Hrkt,やまぎしのうえんまえ（かんとりーぱぱ）
stops,stop_name,山岸農園前（カントリーパパ）,en,Yamagishi Noen-mae(Country Papa)
stops,stop_name,音更小学校前,ja-Hrkt,おとふけしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,音更小学校前,en,Otofuke Shogakko-mae
stops,stop_name,大草原の小さな家,ja-Hrkt,だいそうげんのちいさないえ
stops,stop_name,大草原の小さな家,en,Daisogen-no Chiisana Ie
stops,stop_name,笹川,ja-Hrkt,ささがわ
stops,stop_name,笹川,en,Sasagawa
stops,stop_name,笹川北10線,ja-Hrkt,ささがわきたじっせん
stops,stop_name,笹川北10線,en,Sasagawa Kita 10-sen
stops,stop_name,笹川北11線,ja-Hrkt,ささがわきたじゅういっせん
stops,stop_name,笹川北11線,en,Sasagawa Kita 11-sen
stops,stop_name,自衛隊前,ja-Hrkt,じえいたいまえ
stops,stop_name,自衛隊前,en,Jieitai-mae
stops,stop_name,瓜幕22号,ja-Hrkt,うりまくにじゅうにごう
stops,stop_name,瓜幕22号,en,Urimaku 22-go
stops,stop_name,笹川北14線,ja-Hrkt,ささがわきたじゅうよんせん
stops,stop_name,笹川北14線,en,Sasagawa Kita 14-sen
stops,stop_name,笹川北15線,ja-Hrkt,ささがわきたじゅうごせん
stops,stop_name,笹川北15線,en,Sasagawa Kita 15-sen
stops,stop_name,坂の上,ja-Hrkt,さかのうえ
stops,stop_name,坂の上,en,Sakanoue
stops,stop_name,瓜幕西住宅前,ja-Hrkt,うりまくにしじゅうたくまえ
stops,stop_name,瓜幕西住宅前,en,Urimaku Nishi Jutaku-mae
stops,stop_name,瓜幕,ja-Hrkt,うりまく
stops,stop_name,瓜幕,en,Urimaku
stops,stop_name,ライディングパーク（道の駅うりまく）,ja-Hrkt,らいでぃんぐぱーく（みちのえきうりまく）
stops,stop_name,ライディングパーク（道の駅うりまく）,en,Riding Park(Michi-no Eki Urimaku)
stops,stop_name,藤田牧場,ja-Hrkt,ふじたぼくじょう
stops,stop_name,藤田牧場,en,Fujita Bokujo
stops,stop_name,瓜幕26号,ja-Hrkt,うりまくにじゅうろくごう
stops,stop_name,瓜幕26号,en,Urimaku 26-go
stops,stop_name,森のキッチンかわい,ja-Hrkt,もりのきっちんかわい
stops,stop_name,森のキッチンかわい,en,Mori-no Kitchen Kawai
stops,stop_name,坂下,ja-Hrkt,さかした
stops,stop_name,坂下,en,Sakashita
stops,stop_name,扇ヶ原展望台,ja-Hrkt,おうぎがはらてんぼうだい
stops,stop_name,扇ヶ原展望台,en,Ogigahara Tembodai
stops,stop_name,白雲橋（白雲山登山口）,ja-Hrkt,はくうんばし（はくうんざんとざんぐち）
stops,stop_name,白雲橋（白雲山登山口）,en,Hakuun-bashi(Hakuunzan Tozanguchi)
stops,stop_name,然別湖（然別湖畔温泉）,ja-Hrkt,しかりべつこ（しかりべつこはんおんせん）
stops,stop_name,然別湖（然別湖畔温泉）,en,Shikaribetsu-ko(Lake Shikaribetsu Spa)
stops,stop_name,鹿追土木現業所前,ja-Hrkt,しかおいどぼくげんぎょうじょまえ
stops,stop_name,鹿追土木現業所前,en,Shikaoi Doboku Gengyosho-mae
stops,stop_name,幌内西23線,ja-Hrkt,ほろないにしにじゅうさんせん
stops,stop_name,幌内西23線,en,Horonai Nishi 23-sen
stops,stop_name,熊牛27号,ja-Hrkt,くまうしにじゅうななごう
stops,stop_name,熊牛27号,en,Kumaushi 27-go
stops,stop_name,幸町4丁目,ja-Hrkt,さいわいまちよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,幸町4丁目,en,Saiwaimachi 4-chome
stops,stop_name,幸町2丁目,ja-Hrkt,さいわいまちにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,幸町2丁目,en,Saiwaimachi 2-chome(Kuttari)
stops,stop_name,柏町1丁目,ja-Hrkt,かしわまちいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,柏町1丁目,en,Kashiwamachi 1-chome
stops,stop_name,屈足総合会館前,ja-Hrkt,くったりそうごうかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,屈足総合会館前,en,Kuttari Sogo Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,屈足22号,ja-Hrkt,くったりにじゅうにごう
stops,stop_name,屈足22号,en,Kuttari 22-go
stops,stop_name,立教寺前,ja-Hrkt,りっきょうじまえ
stops,stop_name,立教寺前,en,Rikkyoji-mae
stops,stop_name,屈足中学校前,ja-Hrkt,くったりちゅうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,屈足中学校前,en,Kuttari Chugakko-mae
stops,stop_name,佐幌東2線,ja-Hrkt,さほろひがしにせん
stops,stop_name,佐幌東2線,en,Sahoro Higashi 2-sen
stops,stop_name,佐幌6号,ja-Hrkt,さほろろくごう
stops,stop_name,佐幌6号,en,Sahoro 6-go
stops,stop_name,かえで団地,ja-Hrkt,かえでだんち
stops,stop_name,かえで団地,en,Kaede Danchi
stops,stop_name,新得橋,ja-Hrkt,しんとくばし
stops,stop_name,新得橋,en,Shintoku-bashi
stops,stop_name,新得運動公園口,ja-Hrkt,しんとくうんどうこうえんぐち
stops,stop_name,新得運動公園口,en,Shintoku Undo Koen-guchi
stops,stop_name,新得クリニック前,ja-Hrkt,しんとくくりにっくまえ
stops,stop_name,新得クリニック前,en,Shintoku Clinic-mae
stops,stop_name,オダッシュ通,ja-Hrkt,おだっしゅどおり
stops,stop_name,オダッシュ通,en,Odasshudori
stops,stop_name,本通3丁目,ja-Hrkt,ほんどおりさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,本通3丁目,en,Hondori 3-chome
stops,stop_name,新得駅前,ja-Hrkt,しんとくえきまえ
stops,stop_name,新得駅前,en,Shintoku Eki-mae(Shintoku Sta.)
stops,stop_name,小松整骨院前,ja-Hrkt,こまつせいこついんまえ
stops,stop_name,小松整骨院前,en,Komatsu Seikotsuin-mae
stops,stop_name,新得神社前,ja-Hrkt,しんとくじんじゃまえ
stops,stop_name,新得神社前,en,Shintoku Jinja-mae
stops,stop_name,新得小学校前,ja-Hrkt,しんとくしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,新得小学校前,en,Shintoku Shoggako-mae
stops,stop_name,サホロクリニック前,ja-Hrkt,さほろくりにっくまえ
stops,stop_name,サホロクリニック前,en,Sahoro Clinic-mae
stops,stop_name,ひばりの団地,ja-Hrkt,ひばりのだんち
stops,stop_name,ひばりの団地,en,Hibarino Danchi
stops,stop_name,若草団地,ja-Hrkt,わかくさだんち
stops,stop_name,若草団地,en,Wakakusa Danchi
stops,stop_name,新得高等支援学校前,ja-Hrkt,しんとくこうとうしえんがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,新得高等支援学校前,en,Shintoku Koto Shiengakko-mae
stops,stop_name,南新得（新得営業所）,ja-Hrkt,みなみしんとく（しんとくえいぎょうしょ）
stops,stop_name,南新得（新得営業所）,en,Minami Shintoku(Takushoku Bus Shintoku Office)
stops,stop_name,音更新通1丁目,ja-Hrkt,おとふけしんどおりいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,音更新通1丁目,en,Otofuke Shindori 1-chome
stops,stop_name,音更みはる野団地,ja-Hrkt,おとふけみはるのだんち
stops,stop_name,音更みはる野団地,en,Otofuke Miharuno Danchi
stops,stop_name,音更7号,ja-Hrkt,おとふけななごう
stops,stop_name,音更7号,en,Otofuke 7-go
stops,stop_name,音更8号,ja-Hrkt,おとふけはちごう
stops,stop_name,音更8号,en,Otofuke 8-go
stops,stop_name,音更9号,ja-Hrkt,おとふけきゅうごう
stops,stop_name,音更9号,en,Otofuke 9-go
stops,stop_name,音更10号,ja-Hrkt,おとふけじゅうごう
stops,stop_name,音更10号,en,Otofuke 10-go
stops,stop_name,福平,ja-Hrkt,ふくひら
stops,stop_name,福平,en,Fukuhira
stops,stop_name,音更12号,ja-Hrkt,おとふけじゅうにごう
stops,stop_name,音更12号,en,Otofuke 12-go
stops,stop_name,駒場ターミナル,ja-Hrkt,こまばたーみなる
stops,stop_name,駒場ターミナル,en,Komaba Terminal
stops,stop_name,南武儀,ja-Hrkt,みなみむぎ
stops,stop_name,南武儀,en,Minami-mugi
stops,stop_name,中士幌1号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろいちごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌1号,en,Naka-shihoro 1-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌2号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろにごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌2号,en,Naka-shihoro 2-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌3号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろさんごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌3号,en,Naka-shihoro 3-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌4号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろよんごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌4号,en,Naka-shihoro 4-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌5号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろごごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌5号,en,Naka-shihoro 5-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌6号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろろくごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌6号,en,Naka-shihoro 6-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌7号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろななごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌7号,en,Naka-shihoro 7-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌8号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろはちごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌8号,en,Naka-shihoro 8-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌9号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろきゅうごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌9号,en,Naka-shihoro 9-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌10号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろじゅうごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌10号,en,Nakashihoro 10-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌11号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろじゅういちごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌11号,en,Nakashihoro 11-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌待合所,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろまちあいじょ
stops,stop_name,中士幌待合所,en,Naka-shihoro Machiaijo
stops,stop_name,東中音更入口,ja-Hrkt,ひがしなかおとふけいりぐち
stops,stop_name,東中音更入口,en,Higashi Naka-otofuke Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,東団地入口,ja-Hrkt,ひがしだんちいりぐち
stops,stop_name,東団地入口,en,Higashi Danchi Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,中士幌14号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろじゅうよんごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌14号,en,Nakashihoro 14-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌15号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろじゅうごごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌15号,en,Nakashihoro 15-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌16号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろじゅうろくごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌16号,en,Nakashihoro 16-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌17号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろじゅうななごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌17号,en,Nakashihoro 17-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌18号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろじゅうはちごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌18号,en,Nakashihoro 18-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌19号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろじゅうきゅうごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌19号,en,Nakashihoro 19-go
stops,stop_name,中士幌20号,ja-Hrkt,なかしほろにじゅうごう
stops,stop_name,中士幌20号,en,Nakashihoro 20-go
stops,stop_name,士幌21号,ja-Hrkt,しほろにじゅういちごう
stops,stop_name,士幌21号,en,Shihoro 21-go
stops,stop_name,士幌22号（道の駅ピア21しほろ）,ja-Hrkt,しほろにじゅうにごう（みちのえきぴあにじゅういちしほろ）
stops,stop_name,士幌22号（道の駅ピア21しほろ）,en,Shihoro 22-go(Michi-no Eki Pia 21 Shihoro)
stops,stop_name,士幌23号,ja-Hrkt,しほろにじゅうさんごう
stops,stop_name,士幌23号,en,Shihoro 23-go
stops,stop_name,士幌24号,ja-Hrkt,しほろにじゅうよんごう
stops,stop_name,士幌24号,en,Shihoro 24-go
stops,stop_name,士幌25号,ja-Hrkt,しほろにじゅうごごう
stops,stop_name,士幌25号,en,Shihoro 25-go
stops,stop_name,士幌,ja-Hrkt,しほろ
stops,stop_name,士幌,en,Shihoro
stops,stop_name,士幌農協前,ja-Hrkt,しほろのうきょうまえ
stops,stop_name,士幌農協前,en,Shihoro Nokyo-mae
stops,stop_name,士幌信金前,ja-Hrkt,しほろしんきんまえ
stops,stop_name,士幌信金前,en,Shihoro Shinkin-mae
stops,stop_name,士幌待合所,ja-Hrkt,しほろまちあいじょ
stops,stop_name,士幌待合所,en,Shihoro Machiaijo
stops,stop_name,士幌保育所前,ja-Hrkt,しほろほいくしょまえ
stops,stop_name,士幌保育所前,en,Shihoro Hoikusho-mae
stops,stop_name,士幌西1線,ja-Hrkt,しほろにしいっせん
stops,stop_name,士幌西1線,en,Shihoro Nishi 1-sen
stops,stop_name,士幌基線,ja-Hrkt,しほろきせん
stops,stop_name,士幌基線,en,Shihoro Kisen
stops,stop_name,士幌27号,ja-Hrkt,しほろにじゅうななごう
stops,stop_name,士幌27号,en,Shihoro 27-go
stops,stop_name,士幌28号,ja-Hrkt,しほろにじゅうはちごう
stops,stop_name,士幌28号,en,Shihoro 28-go
stops,stop_name,士幌29号,ja-Hrkt,しほろにじゅうきゅうごう
stops,stop_name,士幌29号,en,Shihoro 29-go
stops,stop_name,士幌30号,ja-Hrkt,しほろさんじゅうごう
stops,stop_name,士幌30号,en,Shihoro 30-go
stops,stop_name,士幌31号,ja-Hrkt,しほろさんじゅういちごう
stops,stop_name,士幌31号,en,Shihoro 31-go
stops,stop_name,士幌32号,ja-Hrkt,しほろさんじゅうにごう
stops,stop_name,士幌32号,en,Shihoro 32-go
stops,stop_name,士幌33号,ja-Hrkt,しほろさんじゅうさんごう
stops,stop_name,士幌33号,en,Shihoro 33-go
stops,stop_name,士幌34号,ja-Hrkt,しほろさんじゅうよんごう
stops,stop_name,士幌34号,en,Shihoro 34-go
stops,stop_name,士幌35号,ja-Hrkt,しほろさんじゅうごごう
stops,stop_name,士幌35号,en,Shihoro 35-go
stops,stop_name,上士幌36号,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろさんじゅうろくごう
stops,stop_name,上士幌36号,en,Kami-shihoro 36-go
stops,stop_name,上士幌37号,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろさんじゅうななごう
stops,stop_name,上士幌37号,en,Kami-shihoro 37-go
stops,stop_name,上士幌38号,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろさんじゅうはちごう
stops,stop_name,上士幌38号,en,Kami-shihoro 38-go
stops,stop_name,上士幌高校前,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろこうこうまえ
stops,stop_name,上士幌高校前,en,Kami-shihoro Koko-mae
stops,stop_name,十勝バス上士幌営業所前,ja-Hrkt,とかちばすかみしほろえいぎょうしょまえ
stops,stop_name,十勝バス上士幌営業所前,en,Tokachi Bus Kami-shihoro Eigyosho-mae
stops,stop_name,上士幌小学校前,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,上士幌小学校前,en,Kami-shihoro Shogakko-mae
stops,stop_name,上士幌11区,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろじゅういっく
stops,stop_name,上士幌11区,en,Kami-shihoro 11-ku
stops,stop_name,上士幌東2線,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろひがしにせん
stops,stop_name,上士幌東2線,en,Kami-shihoro Higashi 2-sen
stops,stop_name,上士幌農協前,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろのうきょうまえ
stops,stop_name,上士幌農協前,en,Kami-shihoro Nokyo-mae
stops,stop_name,ハレタかみしほろ前,ja-Hrkt,はれたかみしほろまえ
stops,stop_name,ハレタかみしほろ前,en,Hareta Kami-shihoro Mae
stops,stop_name,かちまい上士幌前,ja-Hrkt,かちまいかみしほろまえ
stops,stop_name,かちまい上士幌前,en,kachimai Kami-shihoro Mae
stops,stop_name,上士幌,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろ
stops,stop_name,上士幌,en,Kami-shihoro
stops,stop_name,上士幌交通ターミナル,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろこうつうたーみなる
stops,stop_name,上士幌交通ターミナル,en,Kami-shihoro Kotsu Terminal
stops,stop_name,拓殖バス上士幌営業所前,ja-Hrkt,たくしょくばすかみしほろえいぎょうしょまえ
stops,stop_name,拓殖バス上士幌営業所前,en,Takushoku Bus Kami-shihoro Eigyosho-mae(Office)
stops,stop_name,大通11丁目,ja-Hrkt,おおどおりじゅういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,大通11丁目,en,Odori 11-chome
stops,stop_name,運転免許試験場,ja-Hrkt,うんてんめんきょしけんじょう
stops,stop_name,運転免許試験場,en,Unten Menkyo Shikenjo
stops,stop_name,三丁目広場前,ja-Hrkt,さんちょうめひろばまえ
stops,stop_name,三丁目広場前,en,Sanchome Hiroba-mae
stops,stop_name,老人ホーム入口,ja-Hrkt,ろうじんほーむいりぐち
stops,stop_name,老人ホーム入口,en,Rojin Home Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,新得役場前,ja-Hrkt,しんとくやくばまえ
stops,stop_name,新得役場前,en,Shintoku Yakuba-mae(Town Hall)
stops,stop_name,共栄コミセン前,ja-Hrkt,きょうえいこみせんまえ
stops,stop_name,共栄コミセン前,en,Kyoei Komisen-mae(Community Center)
stops,stop_name,耳鼻咽喉科前,ja-Hrkt,じびいんこうかまえ
stops,stop_name,耳鼻咽喉科前,en,Jibiinkoka-mae
stops,stop_name,田中医院前,ja-Hrkt,たなかいいんまえ
stops,stop_name,田中医院前,en,Tanaka Iin-mae
stops,stop_name,浄化センター前,ja-Hrkt,じょうかせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,浄化センター前,en,Joka Center-mae
stops,stop_name,柏林台駅前,ja-Hrkt,はくりんだいえきまえ
stops,stop_name,柏林台駅前,en,Hakurindai Eki-mae(Hakurindai Sta.)
stops,stop_name,西14条北5丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうよじょうきたごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西14条北5丁目,en,Nishi 14-jo Kita 5-chome
stops,stop_name,西12条北7丁目,ja-Hrkt,にしじゅうにじょうきたななちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西12条北7丁目,en,Nishi 12-jo Kita 7-chome
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭郵便局前,ja-Hrkt,すずらんゆうびんきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭郵便局前,en,Suzuran Yubinkyoku-mae
stops,stop_name,宏明館病院前,ja-Hrkt,こうめいかんびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,宏明館病院前,en,Komeikan Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,柳町小学校前,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,柳町小学校前,en,Yanagimachi Shogakko-mae
stops,stop_name,柳町南区,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちみなみく
stops,stop_name,柳町南区,en,Yanagimachi Minami-ku
stops,stop_name,白樺並木前,ja-Hrkt,しらかばなみきまえ
stops,stop_name,白樺並木前,en,Shirakaba Namiki-mae(White birch Lined Road)
stops,stop_name,とかち鹿追ジオパークビジターセンター前,ja-Hrkt,とかちしかおいじおぱーくびじたーせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,とかち鹿追ジオパークビジターセンター前,en,Tokachi Shikaoi Geopark Visitor Center-mae
stops,stop_name,佐幌東1線,ja-Hrkt,さほろひがしいっせん
stops,stop_name,佐幌東1線,en,Sahoro Higashi 1-sen
stops,stop_name,新得坂,ja-Hrkt,しんとくざか
stops,stop_name,新得坂,en,Shintoku-zaka
stops,stop_name,柳町中央公園前,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちちゅうおうこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,柳町中央公園前,en,Yanagimachi Chuo Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,柳町仲区,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちなかく
stops,stop_name,柳町仲区,en,Yanagimachi Naka-ku
stops,stop_name,柳町北2公園前,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちきたにこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,柳町北2公園前,en,Yanagimachi Kita-2 Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,柳町北区東,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちきたくひがし
stops,stop_name,柳町北区東,en,Yanagimachi Kita-ku Higashi
stops,stop_name,柳町公住前,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちこうじゅうまえ
stops,stop_name,柳町公住前,en,Yanagimachi Koju-mae
stops,stop_name,柳町北区,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちきたく
stops,stop_name,柳町北区,en,Yanagimachi Kita-ku
stops,stop_name,十勝勤医協柳町医院前,ja-Hrkt,とかちきんいきょうやなぎまちいいんまえ
stops,stop_name,十勝勤医協柳町医院前,en,Tokachi Kinikyo Yanagimachi Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,木野大通東17丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりひがしじゅうななちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通東17丁目,en,Kino Odori Higashi 17-chome
stops,stop_name,木野大通西18丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりにしじゅうはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通西18丁目,en,Kino Odori Nishi 18-chome
stops,stop_name,木野大通西19丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりにしじゅうきゅうちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通西19丁目,en,Kino Odori Nishi 19-chome
stops,stop_name,開進生活館前,ja-Hrkt,かいしんせいかつかんまえ
stops,stop_name,開進生活館前,en,Kaishin Seikatsukan-mae
stops,stop_name,柳町9線,ja-Hrkt,やなぎまちきゅうせん
stops,stop_name,柳町9線,en,Yanagimachi 9-sen
stops,stop_name,東通18丁目,ja-Hrkt,ひがしどおりじゅうはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,東通18丁目,en,Higashidori 18-chome
stops,stop_name,新通15丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんどおりじゅうごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新通15丁目,en,Shindori 15-chome
stops,stop_name,森林組合前,ja-Hrkt,しんりんくみあいまえ
stops,stop_name,森林組合前,en,Shinrin Kumiai-mae
stops,stop_name,東通12丁目,ja-Hrkt,ひがしどおりじゅうにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,東通12丁目,en,Higashidori 12-chome
stops,stop_name,梢公住前,ja-Hrkt,こずえこうじゅうまえ
stops,stop_name,梢公住前,en,Kozue Koju-mae
stops,stop_name,総合福祉センター前,ja-Hrkt,そうごうふくしせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,総合福祉センター前,en,Sogo Fukushi Center-mae
stops,stop_name,消防分団前,ja-Hrkt,しょうぼうぶんだんまえ
stops,stop_name,消防分団前,en,Shobo Bundan-mae
stops,stop_name,保健センター前,ja-Hrkt,ほけんせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,保健センター前,en,Hoken Center-mae
stops,stop_name,新通会館前,ja-Hrkt,しんどおりかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,新通会館前,en,Shindori Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,ひなげし公園前,ja-Hrkt,ひなげしこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,ひなげし公園前,en,Hinageshi Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,新通1丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんどおりいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新通1丁目,en,Shindori 1-chome
stops,stop_name,新通北1丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんどおりきたいっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新通北1丁目,en,Shindori Kita 1-chome
stops,stop_name,新通北2丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんどおりきたにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新通北2丁目,en,Shindori Kita 2-chome
stops,stop_name,みはる野団地,ja-Hrkt,みはるのだんち
stops,stop_name,みはる野団地,en,Miharuno Danchi
stops,stop_name,大通2丁目,ja-Hrkt,おおどおりにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,大通2丁目,en,Odori 2-chome
stops,stop_name,温水プール前,ja-Hrkt,おんすいぷーるまえ
stops,stop_name,温水プール前,en,Onsui Pool-mae
stops,stop_name,サンドーム前,ja-Hrkt,さんどーむまえ
stops,stop_name,サンドーム前,en,Sun-dome Mae
stops,stop_name,桜が丘,ja-Hrkt,さくらがおか
stops,stop_name,桜が丘,en,Sakuragaoka
stops,stop_name,プロスパ6前,ja-Hrkt,ぷろすぱろくまえ
stops,stop_name,プロスパ6前,en,Prosper 6-mae
stops,stop_name,エーコープ音更前,ja-Hrkt,えーこーぷおとふけまえ
stops,stop_name,エーコープ音更前,en,A Coop Otofuke-mae
stops,stop_name,JA音更,ja-Hrkt,じぇいえいおとふけ
stops,stop_name,JA音更,en,JA Otofuke
stops,stop_name,交通公園前,ja-Hrkt,こうつうこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,交通公園前,en,Kotsu Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,役場前クリニック,ja-Hrkt,やくばまえくりにっく
stops,stop_name,役場前クリニック,en,Yakubamae Clinic
stops,stop_name,改善センター前,ja-Hrkt,かいぜんせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,改善センター前,en,Kaizen Center-mae
stops,stop_name,ふれあい交流館前,ja-Hrkt,ふれあいこうりゅうかんまえ
stops,stop_name,ふれあい交流館前,en,Fureai Koryukan-mae
stops,stop_name,緑陽台公住前,ja-Hrkt,りょくようだいこうじゅうまえ
stops,stop_name,緑陽台公住前,en,Ryokuyodai Koju-mae
stops,stop_name,緑陽台北3公園前,ja-Hrkt,りょくようだいきたさんこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,緑陽台北3公園前,en,Ryokuyodai Kita-3 Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,緑陽台仲区,ja-Hrkt,りょくようだいなかく
stops,stop_name,緑陽台仲区,en,Ryokuyodai Naka-ku
stops,stop_name,緑陽会館前,ja-Hrkt,りょくようかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,緑陽会館前,en,Ryokuyo Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,緑陽台歯科前,ja-Hrkt,りょくようだいしかまえ
stops,stop_name,緑陽台歯科前,en,Ryokuyodai Shika-mae
stops,stop_name,文化センター入口,ja-Hrkt,ぶんかせんたーいりぐち
stops,stop_name,文化センター入口,en,Bunka Center Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,親水広場前,ja-Hrkt,しんすいひろばまえ
stops,stop_name,親水広場前,en,Shinsui Hiroba-mae
stops,stop_name,つつじ公園前,ja-Hrkt,つつじこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,つつじ公園前,en,Tsutsuji Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,木野大通東14丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりひがしじゅうよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通東14丁目,en,Kino Odori Higashi 14-chome
stops,stop_name,佐治整形前,ja-Hrkt,さじせいけいまえ
stops,stop_name,佐治整形前,en,Saji Seikei-mae
stops,stop_name,徳洲会病院前,ja-Hrkt,とくしゅうかいびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,徳洲会病院前,en,Tokushukai Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,木野西通13丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのにしどおりじゅうさんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野西通13丁目,en,Kino Nishidori 13-chome
stops,stop_name,木野西通12丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのにしどおりじゅうにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野西通12丁目,en,Kino Nishidori 12-chome
stops,stop_name,下音更小学校前,ja-Hrkt,しもおとふけしょうがっこうまえ
stops,stop_name,下音更小学校前,en,Shimo-otofuke Shogakko-mae
stops,stop_name,木野支所前,ja-Hrkt,きのししょまえ
stops,stop_name,木野支所前,en,Kino Shisho-mae(Branch Office)
stops,stop_name,北宝来西通り,ja-Hrkt,きたほうらいにしどおり
stops,stop_name,北宝来西通り,en,Kita-horai Nishidori
stops,stop_name,北宝来,ja-Hrkt,きたほうらい
stops,stop_name,北宝来,en,Kita-horai
stops,stop_name,北宝来北,ja-Hrkt,きたほうらいきた
stops,stop_name,北宝来北,en,Kita-horai Kita
stops,stop_name,北宝来東,ja-Hrkt,きたほうらいひがし
stops,stop_name,北宝来東,en,Kita-horai Higashi
stops,stop_name,北宝来中央,ja-Hrkt,きたほうらいちゅうおう
stops,stop_name,北宝来中央,en,Kita-horai Chuo
stops,stop_name,宝来中央,ja-Hrkt,ほうらいちゅうおう
stops,stop_name,宝来中央,en,Horai Chuo
stops,stop_name,宝来中央公園前,ja-Hrkt,ほうらいちゅうおうこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,宝来中央公園前,en,Horai Chuo Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,宝来東団地前,ja-Hrkt,ほうらいひがしだんちまえ
stops,stop_name,宝来東団地前,en,Horai Higashi Danchi-mae
stops,stop_name,ひびき野東町,ja-Hrkt,ひびきのひがしまち
stops,stop_name,ひびき野東町,en,Hibikino Higashimachi
stops,stop_name,ひびき野仲町,ja-Hrkt,ひびきのなかまち
stops,stop_name,ひびき野仲町,en,Hibikino Nakamachi
stops,stop_name,ひびき野西町,ja-Hrkt,ひびきのにしまち
stops,stop_name,ひびき野西町,en,Hibikino Nishimachi
stops,stop_name,宝来西町南2丁目,ja-Hrkt,ほうらいにしまちみなみにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,宝来西町南2丁目,en,Horai Nishimachi Minami 2-chome
stops,stop_name,宝来西通り,ja-Hrkt,ほうらいにしどおり
stops,stop_name,宝来西通り,en,Horai Nishidori
stops,stop_name,宝来,ja-Hrkt,ほうらい
stops,stop_name,宝来,en,Horai
stops,stop_name,木野東会館前,ja-Hrkt,きのひがしかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,木野東会館前,en,Kino Higashi Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,木野東通4丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのひがしどおりよんちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野東通4丁目,en,Kino Higashidori 4-chome
stops,stop_name,木野南公園前,ja-Hrkt,きのみなみこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,木野南公園前,en,Kino Minami Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,千野会館前,ja-Hrkt,ちのかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,千野会館前,en,Chino Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,木野大通西2丁目,ja-Hrkt,きのおおどおりにしにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,木野大通西2丁目,en,Kino Odori Nishi 2-chome
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭公園前,ja-Hrkt,すずらんこうえんまえ
stops,stop_name,鈴蘭公園前,en,Suzuran Koen-mae
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭南2丁目,ja-Hrkt,みなみすずらんみなみにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭南2丁目,en,Minami-suzuran Minami 2-chome
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭北2丁目,ja-Hrkt,みなみすずらんきたにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭北2丁目,en,Minami-suzuran Kita 2-chome
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭北4線,ja-Hrkt,みなみすずらんきたよんせん
stops,stop_name,南鈴蘭北4線,en,Minami-suzuran Kita 4-sen
stops,stop_name,清和広場前,ja-Hrkt,せいわひろばまえ
stops,stop_name,清和広場前,en,Seiwa Hiroba-mae
stops,stop_name,北蘭南5丁目,ja-Hrkt,ほくらんみなみごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,北蘭南5丁目,en,Hokuran Minami 5-chome
stops,stop_name,北蘭憩いの家前,ja-Hrkt,ほくらんいこいのいえまえ
stops,stop_name,北蘭憩いの家前,en,Hokuran Ikoi-no Ie-mae
stops,stop_name,下音更中学校入口,ja-Hrkt,しもおとふけちゅうがっこういりぐち
stops,stop_name,下音更中学校入口,en,Shimo-otofuke Chugakko Iriguchi
stops,stop_name,すずらん歯科前,ja-Hrkt,すずらんしかまえ
stops,stop_name,すずらん歯科前,en,Suzuran Shika-mae
stops,stop_name,共栄台12丁目,ja-Hrkt,きょうえいだいじゅうにちょうめ
stops,stop_name,共栄台12丁目,en,Kyoeidai 12-chome
stops,stop_name,むつみ,ja-Hrkt,むつみ
stops,stop_name,むつみ,en,Mutsumi
stops,stop_name,図書館前,ja-Hrkt,としょかんまえ
stops,stop_name,図書館前,en,Toshokan-mae
stops,stop_name,文化センター前,ja-Hrkt,ぶんかせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,文化センター前,en,Bunka Center-mae
stops,stop_name,JR新得駅前,ja-Hrkt,じぇいあーるしんとくえきまえ
stops,stop_name,JR新得駅前,en,JR Shintoku Eki-mae
stops,stop_name,フクハラ新得店前,ja-Hrkt,ふくはらしんとくてんまえ
stops,stop_name,フクハラ新得店前,en,Fukuhara Shintokuten-mae
stops,stop_name,一心の1,ja-Hrkt,いっしんのいち
stops,stop_name,一心の1,en,Isshin-no 1
stops,stop_name,やすらぎ荘前,ja-Hrkt,やすらぎそうまえ
stops,stop_name,やすらぎ荘前,en,Yasuragiso-mae
stops,stop_name,グループホームさくら前,ja-Hrkt,ぐるーぷほーむさくらまえ
stops,stop_name,グループホームさくら前,en,Group Home Sakura-mae
stops,stop_name,新生の1,ja-Hrkt,しんせいのいち
stops,stop_name,新生の1,en,Shinsei-no 1
stops,stop_name,春光,ja-Hrkt,しゅんこう
stops,stop_name,春光,en,Shunko
stops,stop_name,春陽西,ja-Hrkt,しゅんようにし
stops,stop_name,春陽西,en,Shunyo Nishi
stops,stop_name,春陽南,ja-Hrkt,しゅんようみなみ
stops,stop_name,春陽南,en,Shunyo Minami
stops,stop_name,セイコーマート西3条店前,ja-Hrkt,せいこーまーとにしさんじょうてんまえ
stops,stop_name,セイコーマート西3条店前,en,Seico Mart Nishi 3-joten-mae
stops,stop_name,ひばり北,ja-Hrkt,ひばりきた
stops,stop_name,ひばり北,en,Hibari Kita
stops,stop_name,つつじヶ丘北,ja-Hrkt,つつじがおかきた
stops,stop_name,つつじヶ丘北,en,Tsutsujigaoka Kita
stops,stop_name,つつじヶ丘公園,ja-Hrkt,つつじがおかこうえん
stops,stop_name,つつじヶ丘公園,en,Tsutsujigaoka Koen
stops,stop_name,つつじヶ丘西,ja-Hrkt,つつじがおかにし
stops,stop_name,つつじヶ丘西,en,Tsutsujigaoka Nishi
stops,stop_name,つつじヶ丘南,ja-Hrkt,つつじがおかみなみ
stops,stop_name,つつじヶ丘南,en,Tsutsujigaoka Minami
stops,stop_name,ひばり西,ja-Hrkt,ひばりにし
stops,stop_name,ひばり西,en,Hibari Nishi
stops,stop_name,ひばり東,ja-Hrkt,ひばりひがし
stops,stop_name,ひばり東,en,Hibari Higashi
stops,stop_name,若草会館前,ja-Hrkt,わかくさかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,若草会館前,en,Wakakusa Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,しらかば,ja-Hrkt,しらかば
stops,stop_name,しらかば,en,Shirakaba
stops,stop_name,若草,ja-Hrkt,わかくさ
stops,stop_name,若草,en,Wakakusa
stops,stop_name,さくら西,ja-Hrkt,さくらにし
stops,stop_name,さくら西,en,Sakura Nishi
stops,stop_name,さくら中央,ja-Hrkt,さくらちゅうおう
stops,stop_name,さくら中央,en,Sakura Chuo
stops,stop_name,広和,ja-Hrkt,こうわ
stops,stop_name,広和,en,Kowa
stops,stop_name,ひろね前,ja-Hrkt,ひろねまえ
stops,stop_name,ひろね前,en,Hirone-mae
stops,stop_name,西栄,ja-Hrkt,せいえい
stops,stop_name,西栄,en,Seiei
stops,stop_name,ひまわり,ja-Hrkt,ひまわり
stops,stop_name,ひまわり,en,Himawari
stops,stop_name,西和東,ja-Hrkt,せいわひがし
stops,stop_name,西和東,en,Seiwa Higashi
stops,stop_name,西和北,ja-Hrkt,せいわきた
stops,stop_name,西和北,en,Seiwa Kita
stops,stop_name,相馬商店前,ja-Hrkt,そうましょうてんまえ
stops,stop_name,相馬商店前,en,Soma Shoten-mae
stops,stop_name,ハプセブン前,ja-Hrkt,はぷせぶんまえ
stops,stop_name,ハプセブン前,en,Hap Seven-mae
stops,stop_name,馬場クリーニング前,ja-Hrkt,ばばくりーにんぐまえ
stops,stop_name,馬場クリーニング前,en,Baba Cleaning-mae
stops,stop_name,永交西,ja-Hrkt,えいこうにし
stops,stop_name,永交西,en,Eiko Nishi
stops,stop_name,末広北,ja-Hrkt,すえひろきた
stops,stop_name,末広北,en,Suehiro Kita
stops,stop_name,末広南,ja-Hrkt,すえひろみなみ
stops,stop_name,末広南,en,Suehiro Minami
stops,stop_name,あけぼの西,ja-Hrkt,あけぼのにし
stops,stop_name,あけぼの西,en,Akebono Nishi
stops,stop_name,あけぼの東,ja-Hrkt,あけぼのひがし
stops,stop_name,あけぼの東,en,Akebono Higashi
stops,stop_name,公営,ja-Hrkt,こうえい
stops,stop_name,公営,en,Koei
stops,stop_name,南進,ja-Hrkt,なんしん
stops,stop_name,南進,en,Nanshin
stops,stop_name,永交中央,ja-Hrkt,えいこうちゅうおう
stops,stop_name,永交中央,en,Eiko Chuo
stops,stop_name,エーコープ前,ja-Hrkt,えーこーぷまえ
stops,stop_name,エーコープ前,en,A Coop-mae
stops,stop_name,なごみ前,ja-Hrkt,なごみまえ
stops,stop_name,なごみ前,en,Nagomi-mae
stops,stop_name,新得診療所前,ja-Hrkt,しんとくしんりょうじょまえ
stops,stop_name,新得診療所前,en,Shintoku Shinryojo-mae
stops,stop_name,町民体育館前,ja-Hrkt,ちょうみんたいいくかんまえ
stops,stop_name,町民体育館前,en,Chomin Taiikukan-mae
stops,stop_name,公民館前（新得町役場前）,ja-Hrkt,こうみんかんまえ（しんとくちょうやくばまえ）
stops,stop_name,公民館前（新得町役場前）,en,Kominkan-mae(Shintoku-cho Yakuba-mae)
stops,stop_name,新栄,ja-Hrkt,しんえい
stops,stop_name,新栄,en,Shin-ei
stops,stop_name,わたなべ歯科前,ja-Hrkt,わたなべしかまえ
stops,stop_name,わたなべ歯科前,en,Watanabe Shika-mae
stops,stop_name,新泉寺前,ja-Hrkt,しんせんじまえ
stops,stop_name,新泉寺前,en,Shinsenji-mae
stops,stop_name,帯広信用金庫前,ja-Hrkt,おびひろしんようきんこまえ
stops,stop_name,帯広信用金庫前,en,Obihiro Shin-yo Kinko-mae
stops,stop_name,よしむら歯科前,ja-Hrkt,よしむらしかまえ
stops,stop_name,よしむら歯科前,en,Yoshimura Shika-mae
stops,stop_name,新得郵便局前,ja-Hrkt,しんとくゆうびんきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,新得郵便局前,en,Shintoku Yubinkyoku-mae
stops,stop_name,栄町北,ja-Hrkt,さかえまちきた
stops,stop_name,栄町北,en,Sakaemachi Kita
stops,stop_name,栄町東,ja-Hrkt,さかえまちひがし
stops,stop_name,栄町東,en,Sakaemachi Higashi
stops,stop_name,幼稚園前,ja-Hrkt,ようちえんまえ
stops,stop_name,幼稚園前,en,Yochien-mae
stops,stop_name,親和,ja-Hrkt,しんわ
stops,stop_name,親和,en,Shinwa
stops,stop_name,元町寿会館前,ja-Hrkt,もとまちことぶきかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,元町寿会館前,en,Motomachi Kotobuki Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,かえで西,ja-Hrkt,かえでにし
stops,stop_name,かえで西,en,Kaede Nishi
stops,stop_name,かえで中央,ja-Hrkt,かえでちゅうおう
stops,stop_name,かえで中央,en,Kaede Chuo
stops,stop_name,ムラカミ石油前,ja-Hrkt,むらかみせきゆまえ
stops,stop_name,ムラカミ石油前,en,Murakami Sekiyu-mae
stops,stop_name,もみやま電気商会前,ja-Hrkt,もみやまでんきしょうかいまえ
stops,stop_name,もみやま電気商会前,en,Momiyama Denki Shokai-mae
stops,stop_name,フクハラ屈足店前,ja-Hrkt,ふくはらくったりてんまえ
stops,stop_name,フクハラ屈足店前,en,Fukuhara Kuttariten-mae
stops,stop_name,屈足常盤,ja-Hrkt,くったりときわ
stops,stop_name,屈足常盤,en,Kuttari Tokiwa
stops,stop_name,屈足南小学校裏門前,ja-Hrkt,くったりみなみしょうがっこううらもんまえ
stops,stop_name,屈足南小学校裏門前,en,Kuttari Minami Shoggakko Uramon-mae
stops,stop_name,永福寺前,ja-Hrkt,えいふくじまえ
stops,stop_name,永福寺前,en,Eifukuji-mae
stops,stop_name,総合会館前,ja-Hrkt,そうごうかいかんまえ
stops,stop_name,総合会館前,en,Sogo Kaikan-mae
stops,stop_name,あいの郷ふれあい前,ja-Hrkt,あいのさとふれあいまえ
stops,stop_name,あいの郷ふれあい前,en,Ainosato Fureai-mae
stops,stop_name,朝日の1,ja-Hrkt,あさひのいち
stops,stop_name,朝日の1,en,Asahi-no 1
stops,stop_name,屈足親和,ja-Hrkt,くったりしんわ
stops,stop_name,屈足親和,en,Kuttari Shinwa
stops,stop_name,第2新進,ja-Hrkt,だいにしんしん
stops,stop_name,第2新進,en,Dai-2 Shinshin
stops,stop_name,新緑,ja-Hrkt,しんりょく
stops,stop_name,新緑,en,Shinryoku
stops,stop_name,新友西,ja-Hrkt,しんゆうにし
stops,stop_name,新友西,en,Shin-yu Nishi
stops,stop_name,屈足坂前,ja-Hrkt,くったりざかまえ
stops,stop_name,屈足坂前,en,Kuttari-zaka Mae
stops,stop_name,十勝清水駅前,ja-Hrkt,とかちしみずえきまえ
stops,stop_name,十勝清水駅前,en,Tokachi-shimizu Eki-mae
stops,stop_name,清水赤十字病院前,ja-Hrkt,しみずせきじゅうじびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,清水赤十字病院前,en,Shimizu Sekijuji Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,清水町役場前,ja-Hrkt,しみずちょうやくばまえ
stops,stop_name,清水町役場前,en,Shimizu-cho Yakubamae(Town Hall)
stops,stop_name,スーパープラザいちまる前,ja-Hrkt,すーぱーぷらざいちまるまえ
stops,stop_name,スーパープラザいちまる前,en,Super Plaza Ichimaru-mae
stops,stop_name,東団地　南10条6丁目,ja-Hrkt,ひがしだんち　みなみじゅうじょうろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,東団地　南10条6丁目,en,Higashi Danchi Minami 10-jo 6-chome
stops,stop_name,公苑東町　南9条9丁目,ja-Hrkt,こうえんひがしまち　みなみきゅうじょうきゅうちょうめ
stops,stop_name,公苑東町　南9条9丁目,en,Koen Higashimachi Minami 9-jo 9-chome
stops,stop_name,桂町　南8条9丁目,ja-Hrkt,かつらまち　みなみはちじょうきゅうちょうめ
stops,stop_name,桂町　南8条9丁目,en,Katsuramachi Minami 8-jo 9-chome
stops,stop_name,清和団地集会所前,ja-Hrkt,せいわだんちしゅうかいじょまえ
stops,stop_name,清和団地集会所前,en,Seiwa Danchi Shukaijo-mae
stops,stop_name,清和　南2条11丁目,ja-Hrkt,せいわ　みなみにじょうじゅういっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,清和　南2条11丁目,en,Seiwa Minami 2-jo 11-chome
stops,stop_name,新栄　本通8丁目,ja-Hrkt,しんえい　ほんどおりはっちょうめ
stops,stop_name,新栄　本通8丁目,en,Shin-ei Hondori 8-chome
stops,stop_name,老人福祉センター前,ja-Hrkt,ろうじんふくしせんたーまえ
stops,stop_name,老人福祉センター前,en,Rojin Fukushi Center-mae
stops,stop_name,スーパーフクハラ前,ja-Hrkt,すーぱーふくはらまえ
stops,stop_name,スーパーフクハラ前,en,Super Fukuhara-mae
stops,stop_name,前田クリニック前,ja-Hrkt,まえだくりにっくまえ
stops,stop_name,前田クリニック前,en,Maeda Clinic-mae
stops,stop_name,清水郵便局前,ja-Hrkt,しみずゆうびんきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,清水郵便局前,en,Shimizu Yubinkyoku-mae
stops,stop_name,石川商店前,ja-Hrkt,いしかわしょうてんまえ
stops,stop_name,石川商店前,en,Ishikawa Shoten-mae
stops,stop_name,西文化児童遊園地前,ja-Hrkt,にしぶんかじどうゆうえんちまえ
stops,stop_name,西文化児童遊園地前,en,Nishi Bunka Jido Yuenchi-mae
stops,stop_name,西清水　南1条西7丁目,ja-Hrkt,にししみず　みなみいちじょうにしななちょうめ
stops,stop_name,西清水　南1条西7丁目,en,Nishi-shimizu Minami 1-jo Nishi 7-chome
stops,stop_name,神居福祉館前,ja-Hrkt,かむいふくしかんまえ
stops,stop_name,神居福祉館前,en,Kamui Fukushikan-mae
stops,stop_name,宮の森団地前,ja-Hrkt,みやのもりだんちまえ
stops,stop_name,宮の森団地前,en,Miyanomori Danchi-mae
stops,stop_name,北星　北3条6丁目,ja-Hrkt,ほくせい　きたさんじょうろくちょうめ
stops,stop_name,北星　北3条6丁目,en,Hokusei Kita 3-jo 6-chome
stops,stop_name,啓仁会病院前,ja-Hrkt,けいじんかいびょういんまえ
stops,stop_name,啓仁会病院前,en,Keijinkai Byoin-mae
stops,stop_name,御影郵便局前,ja-Hrkt,みかげゆうびんきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,御影郵便局前,en,Mikage Yubinkyoku-mae
stops,stop_name,御影駅前,ja-Hrkt,みかげえきまえ
stops,stop_name,御影駅前,en,Mikage Eki-mae(Mikage Sta.)
stops,stop_name,羽帯　国道38号線沿い,ja-Hrkt,はおび　こくどうさんじゅうはちごうせんぞい
stops,stop_name,羽帯　国道38号線沿い,en,Haobi Kokudo 38-gosenzoi
stops,stop_name,白樺峠,ja-Hrkt,しらかばとうげ
stops,stop_name,白樺峠,en,Shirakabatoge(Shirakabatoge Pass)
stops,stop_name,道の駅かみしほろ,ja-Hrkt,みちのえきかみしほろ
stops,stop_name,道の駅かみしほろ,en,Michi-no Eki Kami-shihoro
stops,stop_name,かみしほろ情報館前,ja-Hrkt,かみしほろじょうほうかんまえ
stops,stop_name,かみしほろ情報館前,en,Kami-shihoro Johokan-mae
stops,stop_name,しんくみ上士幌支店前,ja-Hrkt,しんくみかみしほろしてんまえ
stops,stop_name,しんくみ上士幌支店前,en,Shinkumi Kami-shihoro Shiten-mae
stops,stop_name,屈足神社前,ja-Hrkt,くったりじんじゃまえ
stops,stop_name,屈足神社前,en,Kuttari Jinja-mae
stops,stop_name,北友,ja-Hrkt,ほくゆう
stops,stop_name,北友,en,Hokuyu
stops,stop_name,屈足保育園西,ja-Hrkt,くったりほいくえんにし
stops,stop_name,屈足保育園西,en,Kuttari Hoikuen-nishi
stops,stop_name,小規模多機能センターらら前,ja-Hrkt,しょうきぼたきのうせんたーららまえ
stops,stop_name,小規模多機能センターらら前,en,Shokibo Takino Center Rara-mae
stops,stop_name,小田天光堂薬局前,ja-Hrkt,おだてんこうどうやっきょくまえ
stops,stop_name,小田天光堂薬局前,en,Oda Tenkodo Yakkyoku-mae
stops,stop_name,清水町体育館前,ja-Hrkt,しみずちょうたいいくかんまえ
stops,stop_name,清水町体育館前,en,Shimizu-cho Taiikukan-mae
stops,stop_name,鉄南　北1条西5丁目,ja-Hrkt,てつなん　きたいちじょうにしごちょうめ
stops,stop_name,鉄南　北1条西5丁目,en,Tetsunan Kita 1-jo Nishi 5-chome
stops,stop_name,ツルハドラッグ前,ja-Hrkt,つるはどらっぐまえ
stops,stop_name,ツルハドラッグ前,en,Turuha Drag-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>国立帯広病院前（一中前経由）,en,<Loop>Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae(Via Icchu-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>国立帯広病院前,en,<Loop>Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>帯広駅バスターミナル（国立帯広病院前・協立病院・西5条3丁目経由）,en,"<Loop>Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kokuritsu Byoin, Kyoritsu Byoin, Nishi 5-jo 3-chome)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（協立病院前・西5条3丁目経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kyoritsu Byoin-mae, Nishi 5-jo 3-chome)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（西5条3丁目経由）,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Nishi 5-jo 3-chome)
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>国立帯広病院前（西5条3丁目・協立病院前経由）,en,"<Loop>Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae(Via Nishi 5-jo 3-chome, Kyoritsu Byoin)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>国立帯広病院前（協立病院前経由）,en,<Loop>Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae(Via Kyoritsu Byoin-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>帯広駅バスターミナル（国立帯広病院前・一中前経由）,en,"<Loop>Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin, Icchu-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（一中前経由）,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Icchu-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,拓殖バス本社前（一中前経由）,en,Takushoku Bus Honsha-mae(Via Icchu-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,拓殖バス本社前,en,Takushoku Bus Honsha-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（国立帯広病院・協立病院・西5条3丁目経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kokuritsu Byoin, Kyoritsu Byoin, Nishi 5-jo 3-chome)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>帯広駅バスターミナル（国立帯広病院・協立病院・西5条3丁目経由）,en,"<Loop>Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kokuritsu Byoin, Kyoritsu Byoin, Nishi 5-jo 3-chome)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前（第一病院前・自由が丘団地経由）,en,"Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Daiichi Byoin-mae, Jiyugaoka Danchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前（自由が丘団地経由）,en,Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Jiyugaoka Danchi)
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前・新緑通21条,en,"Minami Shogyo Koko-mae, Shinryokudori 21-jo"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（自由が丘団地・第一病院前経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Jiyugaoka Danchi, Daiichi Byoin-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（第一病院前経由）,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Daiichi Byoin-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前（帯広市役所南口・自由が丘団地経由）,en,"Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Shiyakusho Minami-guchi, Jiyugaoka Danchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（自由が丘団地・帯広市役所南口経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Jiyugaoka Danchi, Shiyakusho Minami-guchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（帯広市役所南口経由）,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Obihiro Shiyakusho Minami-guchi)
stop_times,stop_headsign,雄飛が丘北区（木野農協前・緑陽台北区経由）,en,"Yuhigaoka Kita-ku(Via Kino Nokyo-mae, Ryokuyodai Kita-ku)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,雄飛が丘北区（緑陽台北区経由）,en,Yuhigaoka Kita-ku(Via Ryokuyodai Kita-ku)
stop_times,stop_headsign,雄飛が丘北区,en,Yuhigaoka Kita-ku
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（緑陽台北区経由）,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Ryokuyodai Kita-ku)
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（木野農協前経由）,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kino Nokyo-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前（木野農協前・緑陽台北区・雄飛が丘北区経由）,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Kino Nokyo, Ryokuyodai, Yuhigaoka)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前（緑陽台北区・雄飛が丘北区経由）,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Ryokuyodai Kita-ku, Yuhigaoka Kita-ku)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前（雄飛が丘北区経由）,en,Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Yuhigaoka Kita-ku)
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前,en,Otofuke Koko-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（雄飛が丘北区・緑陽台北区経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Yuhigaoka Kita-ku, Ryokuyodai)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>中鈴蘭・おおや整形前（木野農協前経由）,en,"<Loop>Naka-suzuran, Oya Seikei-mae(Via Kino Nokyo-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>中鈴蘭・おおや整形前,en,"<Loop>Naka-suzuran, Oya Seikei-mae"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>帯広駅バスターミナル（中鈴蘭・おおや整形前・市役所南口経由）,en,"<Loop>Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Naka-suzuran, Oya Seikei, Shiyakusho)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（おおや整形前・帯広市役所南口経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Oya Seikei-mae, Shiyakusho Minami-guchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>中鈴蘭（帯広市役所南口・おおや整形前経由）,en,"<Loop>Naka-suzuran(Via Shiyakusho Minami-guchi, Oya Seikei-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>中鈴蘭（おおや整形前経由）,en,<Loop>Naka-suzuran(Via Oya Seikei-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>帯広駅バスターミナル（中鈴蘭・木野農協前経由）,en,"<Loop>Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Naka-suzuran, Kino Nokyo-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,中鈴蘭（帯広市役所南口・おおや整形前経由）,en,"Naka-suzuran(Via Shiyakusho Minami-guchi, Oya Seikei-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,中鈴蘭（おおや整形前経由）,en,Naka-suzuran(Via Oya Seikei-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,中鈴蘭,en,Naka-suzuran
stop_times,stop_headsign,然別湖（木野農協・木野大通・音更役場・駒場・音更高校・鹿追経由）,en,"Shikaribetsu-ko(Via Kino, Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,然別湖（木野大通16・音更役場・駒場・音更高校・鹿追経由）,en,"Shikaribetsu-ko(Via Kino Odori 16, Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,然別湖（音更役場・駒場・音更高校・鹿追経由）,en,"Shikaribetsu-ko(Via Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,然別湖（駒場・音更高校・鹿追・瓜幕経由）,en,"Shikaribetsu-ko(Via Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi, Urimaku)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,然別湖（音更高校前・鹿追・瓜幕経由）,en,"Shikaribetsu-ko(Via Otofuke Koko-mae, Shikaoi, Urimaku)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,然別湖（鹿追営業所前・瓜幕経由）,en,"Shikaribetsu-ko(Via Shikaoi Eigyosho-mae, Urimaku)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,然別湖（瓜幕経由）,en,Shikaribetsu-ko(Via Urimaku)
stop_times,stop_headsign,然別湖,en,Shikaribetsu-ko
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（瓜幕・鹿追営業所・音更高校・音更経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Urimaku, Shikaoi Eigyosho, Otofuke Koko, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（鹿追営業所・音更高校・駒場・音更役場経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Shikaoi Eigyosho, Otofuke Koko, Komaba, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（音更高校前・駒場・音更役場前経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Otofuke Koko, Komaba, Otofuke Yakuba)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（駒場・音更役場前・木野大通16経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Komaba, Otofuke Yakuba, Kino Odori 16)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（音更役場前・木野大通16丁目経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Otofuke Yakuba-mae, Kino Odori 16)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（木野大通16丁目・木野農協前経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kino Odori 16, Kino Nokyo-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（木野農協・木野大通・音更役場・駒場・音更高校・鹿追経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Kino, Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（木野大通16・音更役場・駒場・音更高校・鹿追経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Kino Odori 16, Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（音更役場・駒場・音更高校・鹿追経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（駒場・音更高校・鹿追・屈足経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi, Kuttari)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（音更高校前・鹿追・屈足経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Otofuke Koko-mae, Shikaoi, Kuttari)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南新得（鹿追営業所・屈足総合会館・新得駅経由）,en,"Minami-shintoku(Via Shikaoi Eigyosho, Kuttari Sogo Kaikan, Shintoku Eki)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南新得（屈足総合会館前・新得駅前経由）,en,"Minami-shintoku(Via Kuttari Sogo Kaikan, Shintoku Eki)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南新得（新得駅前経由）,en,Minami-shintoku(Via Shintoku Eki-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,南新得,en,Minami-shintoku
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（新得駅・屈足・鹿追営業所・音更高校・音更経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Shintoku Eki, Kutaari, Shikaoi, Otofuke Koko, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（屈足総合会館・鹿追営業所・音更高校・音更役場経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kutaari Sogo Kaikan, Shikaoi, Otofuke Koko, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,鹿追（木野農協・木野大通・音更役場・駒場・音更高校経由）,en,"Shikaoi(Via Kino, Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,鹿追（木野大通16・音更役場・駒場・音更高校経由）,en,"Shikaoi(Via Kino Odori 16, Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,鹿追（音更役場前・駒場・音更高校前経由）,en,"Shikaoi(Via Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,鹿追（駒場・音更高校前経由）,en,"Shikaoi(Via Komaba, Otofuke Koko-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,鹿追（音更高校前経由）,en,Shikaoi(Via Otofuke Koko-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,鹿追営業所前,en,Shikaoi Eigyosho-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（木野農協・木野大通・音更役場・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Kino, Otofuke Yakuba, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（木野大通16・音更役場・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Kino Odori 16, Otofuke Yakuba, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（音更役場前・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Otofuke Yakuba-mae, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（中士幌・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Naka-shihoro, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌交通ターミナル（中士幌待合所・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro Kotsu Terminal(Via Naka-shihoro Machiaijo, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌交通ターミナル（士幌待合所経由）,en,Kami-shihoro Kotsu Terminal(Via Shihoro Machiaijo)
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌交通ターミナル,en,Kami-shihoro Kotsu Terminal
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌交通ターミナル（道の駅かみしほろ経由）,en,Kami-shihoro Kotsu Terminal(Via Michi-no Eki Kami-shihoro)
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（道の駅かみしほろ・士幌・中士幌経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Michi-no Eki Kami-shihoro, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（士幌待合所・中士幌・音更経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Shihoro Machiaijo, Naka-shihoro, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（中士幌待合所・音更役場経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Naka-shihoro Machiaijo, Otofuke Yakuba)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（木野農協・木野大通・音更役場・音更高校・駒場・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Kino, Otofuke Yakuba, Otofuke Koko, Komaba, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（木野大通16・音更役場・音更高校・駒場・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Kino Odori 16, Otofuke Yakuba, Otofuke Koko, Komaba, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（音更役場・音更高校・駒場・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Otofuke Yakuba, Otofuke Koko, Komaba, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（音更高校・駒場・中士幌・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Otofuke Koko, Komaba, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌（駒場・中士幌・士幌経由）,en,"Kami-shihoro(Via Komaba, Naka-shihoro, Shihoro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（道の駅かみしほろ・士幌・中士幌・音更高校経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Michi-no Eki Kami-shihoro, Shihoro, Otofuke Koko)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（士幌待合所・中士幌・駒場・音更高校・音更経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Shihoro Machiaijo, Naka-shihoro, Otofuke Koko, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（中士幌待合所・駒場・音更高校・音更役場経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Naka-shihoro Machiaijo, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（駒場・音更高校・音更役場・木野大通16経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Otofuke Yakuba, Kino Odori 16)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（音更高校・音更役場・木野大通16経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Otofuke Koko, Otofuke Yakuba, Kino Odori 16)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前・駒場（木野農協前・緑陽台北区・音更役場経由）,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae, Komaba(Via Kino Nokyo, Ryokuyodai, Otofuke Yakuba)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前・駒場（緑陽台北区・音更役場前経由）,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae, Komaba(Via Ryokuyodai Kita-ku, Otofuke Yakuba)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前・駒場（音更役場前経由）,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae, Komaba(Via Otofuke Yakuba-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前・駒場,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae, Komaba"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（駒場・音更役場・緑陽台北区経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Komaba, Otofuke Yakuba, Ryokuyodai)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（音更役場前・緑陽台北区経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Otofuke Yakuba, Ryokuyodai Kita-ku)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>南商業高校前（中鈴蘭・木野農協前・帯広駅経由）,en,"<Loop>Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Naka-suzuran, Kino Nokyo, Obihiro-eki)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前（木野農協前・帯広駅バスターミナル経由）,en,"Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Kino Nokyo-mae, Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前（帯広駅バスターミナル経由）,en,Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal)
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前（帯広駅南口・森の交流館下経由）,en,"Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Obihiro-eki Minami-guchi, Mori-no Koryukan)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前（森の交流館下経由）,en,Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Mori-no Koryukan-shita)
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前,en,Minami Shogyo Koko-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広の森・白樺学園前（市役所南口・森の交流館下・南商業高校経由）,en,"Obihiro-no Mori, Shirakaba Gakuen(Via Shiyakusho, Mori-no Koryukan, Minami Shogyo Koko)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広の森・白樺学園前（森の交流館下・南商業高校前経由）,en,"Obihiro-no Mori, Shirakaba Gakuen(Via Mori-no Koryukan-shita, Minami Shogyo Koko)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広の森・白樺学園前（南商業高校前経由）,en,"Obihiro-no Mori, Shirakaba Gakuen-mae(Via Minami Shogyo Koko-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広の森・白樺学園前,en,"Obihiro-no Mori, Shirakaba Gakuen-mae"
stop_times,stop_headsign,白樺学園前,en,Shirakaba Gakuen-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（南商業高校・森の交流館下・市役所南口経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Minami Shogyo Koko, Mori-no Koryukan, Shiyakusho)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（森の交流館下・帯広市役所南口経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Mori-no Koryukan-sita, Shiyakusho Minami-guchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,中鈴蘭（森の交流館下・帯広駅南口・帯広駅経由）,en,"Naka-suzuran(Via Mori-no Koryukan, Obihiro-eki Minami-guchi, Obihiro-eki)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,中鈴蘭（帯広駅南口・帯広駅バスターミナル経由）,en,"Naka-suzuran(Via Obihiro-eki Minami-guchi, Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,中鈴蘭（帯広駅バスターミナル経由）,en,Naka-suzuran(Via Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal)
stop_times,stop_headsign,中鈴蘭・おおや整形前（木野農協前経由）,en,"Naka-suzuran, Oya Seikei-mae(Via Kino Nokyo-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,中鈴蘭・おおや整形前,en,"Naka-suzuran, Oya Seikei-mae"
stop_times,stop_headsign,おおや整形前（中鈴蘭経由）,en,Oya Seikei-mae(Via Naka-suzuran)
stop_times,stop_headsign,おおや整形前,en,Oya Seikei-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,拓殖バス本社前（帯広駅・西5条3丁目・協立病院・国立病院経由）,en,"Takushoku Bus Honsha(Via Obihiro-eki, Nishi 5-jo 3-chome, Kyoritsu Byoin, Kokuritsu Byoin)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,拓殖バス本社前（西5条3丁目・協立病院・国立帯広病院経由）,en,"Takushoku Bus Honsha-mae(Via Nishi 5-jo 3-chome, Kyoritsu Byoin, Kokuritsu Byoin)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,拓殖バス本社前（協立病院前・国立帯広病院前経由）,en,"Takushoku Bus Honsha-mae(Via Kyoritsu Byoin-mae, Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,拓殖バス本社前（国立帯広病院前経由）,en,Takushoku Bus Honsha-mae(Via Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>帯広駅バスターミナル（国立帯広病院・協立病院・帯広市役所南口経由）,en,"<Loop>Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kokuritsu Byoin, Kyoritsu Byoin, Shiyakusho Minami-guchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（協立病院前・帯広市役所南口経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kyoritsu Byoin-mae, Shiyakusho Minami-guchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>国立帯広病院前（帯広市役所南口・協立病院前経由）,en,"<Loop>Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae(Via Shiyakusho Minami-guchi, Kyoritsu Byoin)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南商業高校前（一中前・帯広駅バスターミナル経由）,en,"Minami Shogyo Koko-mae(Via Icchu-mae, Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,運転免許試験場（西2-9・西5-3・協立病院・国立病院経由）,en,"Unten Menkyo Shikenjo(Via Nishi 2-9, Nishi 5-3, Kyoritsu Byoin, Kokuritsu Byoin)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,運転免許試験場（西5条3丁目・協立病院・国立病院経由）,en,"Unten Menkyo Shikenjo(Via Nishi 5-jo 3-chome, Kyoritsu Byoin, Kokuritsu Byoin)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,運転免許試験場（協立病院前・国立帯広病院前経由）,en,"Unten Menkyo Shikenjo(Via Kyoritsu Byoin, Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,運転免許試験場（国立帯広病院前経由）,en,Unten Menkyo Shikenjo(Via Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,運転免許試験場,en,Unten Menkyo Shikenjo
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得駅前（トムラウシ学校前経由）,en,Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Tomuraushi Gakko-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得駅前,en,Shintoku Eki-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,トムラウシ温泉（トムラウシ学校前経由）,en,Tomuraushi Onsen(Via Tomuraushi Gakko-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,トムラウシ温泉,en,Tomuraushi Onsen
stop_times,stop_headsign,<直行>トムラウシ温泉,en,Tomuraushi Onsen(Nonstop Bus)
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得駅前（屈足総合会館前経由）,en,Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Kuttari Sogo Kaikan-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,鹿追営業所前（新得駅前・屈足総合会館前経由）,en, Shikaoi Eigyosho-mae(Via Kuttari Sogo Kaikan-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（国際センターまで直行・自由が丘団地・第一病院経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Jiyugaoka Danchi, Daiichi Byoin-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広の森・白樺学園前（第一病院・自由が丘団地経由・国際センターから直行）,en,"Obihiro-no Mori, Shirakaba Gakuen(Via Daiichi Byoin-mae, Jiyugaoka Danchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広の森・白樺学園前（自由が丘団地経由・国際センター入口から直行）,en,"Obihiro-no Mori, Shirakaba Gakuen-mae(Via Jiyugaoka Danchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広の森・白樺学園前（国際センター入口から直行）,en,"Obihiro-no Mori, Shirakaba Gakuen-mae"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広の森野球場前（臨時直行）,en,Obihiro-no Mori Yakyujo-mae(Nonstop bus)
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（臨時直行：ほか試合終了後に随時運行）,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Nonstop bus)
stop_times,stop_headsign,勝毎花火会場（臨時直行）,en,Kachimai Hanabi Kaijo(Nonstop bus)
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（木野・音更役場・駒場・音更高校・鹿追高校・鹿追経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Kino, Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（木野大通16・音更役場・駒場・音更高・鹿追高・鹿追経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Kino Odori 16, Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（音更役場・駒場・音更高校・鹿追高校・鹿追経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Otofuke Yakuba, Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi Koko, Shikaoi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（駒場・音更高校・鹿追高校・鹿追・屈足経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Komaba, Otofuke Koko, Shikaoi Koko, Shikaoi, Kuttari)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得（音更高校・鹿追高校・鹿追・屈足経由）,en,"Shintoku(Via Otofuke Koko-mae, Shikaoi Koko, Shikaoi, Kuttari)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,南新得（鹿追高校・鹿追営業所・屈足総合会館・新得駅経由）,en,"Minami-shintoku(Via Shikaoi Koko, Shikaoi Eigyosho, Kuttari Sogo Kaikan, Shintoku Eki)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前（木野農協・木野大通・音更役場経由）,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Kino Nokyo, Kino Odori, Otofuke Yakuba)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前（木野大通16丁目・音更役場前経由）,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Kino Odori 16, Otofuke Yakuba)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前（音更役場前経由）,en,Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Otofuke Yakuba-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（瓜幕・鹿追営業所・鹿追高校・音更高校・音更経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Urimaku, Shikaoi, Shikaoi Koko, Otofuke Koko, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（鹿追営業所・鹿追高校・音更高校・駒場・音更役場経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Shikaoi, Shikaoi Koko, Otofuke Koko, Komaba, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（鹿追高校・音更高校・駒場・音更役場経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Shikaoi Koko, Otofuke Koko, Komaba, Otofuke Yakuba)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校前（鈴蘭郵便局・緑陽台北区・雄飛が丘北区経由）,en,"Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Suzuran, Ryokuyodai, Yuhigaoka)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>国立帯広病院前（帯広駅・西5条3丁目・協立病院経由）,en,"<Loop>Kokuritsu Obihiro Byoin-mae(Via Obihiro-eki, Nishi 5-jo 3-chome, Kyoritsu Byoin)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,上士幌発スクール（音更高校経由）,en,Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(School Bus)
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸町4丁目（新得駅前・屈足総合会館前経由）,en,"Saiwaimachi 4-chome(Via Shintoku-eki, Kuttari Sogo Kaikan)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸町4丁目（幸町2丁目（屈足）経由）,en,Saiwaimachi 4-chome(Via Kuttari Sogo Kaikan-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,幸町4丁目,en,Saiwaimachi 4-chome
stop_times,stop_headsign,芽室特設駐車場（臨時直行：ほか大会終了後に随時運行）,en,Memuro Tokusetsu Chushajo(Nonstop bus)
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>木野支所前・宝来（中鈴蘭経由）,en,"<Loop>Kino Shisho-mae, Horai(Via Naka-suzuran)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,共栄コミセン前（宝来・木野支所前経由）,en,"Kyoei Komisen-mae(Horai, Kino Shisho)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,共栄コミセン前（木野支所前経由）,en,Kyoei Komisen-mae(Kino Shisho-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,共栄コミセン・音更役場・新通1丁目,en,"Kyoei Komisen, Otofuke Yakuba, Shindori 1"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>新通1丁目・柳町仲区（音更役場前経由）,en,"<Loop>Shindori 1, Yanagimachi(Via Otofuke Yakuba-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,共栄コミセン前（新通1丁目・柳町仲区経由）,en,"Kyoei Komisen-mae(Via Shindori 1, Yanagimachi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,共栄コミセン前（柳町仲区経由）,en,Kyoei Komisen-mae(Via Yanagimachi Naka-ku)
stop_times,stop_headsign,共栄コミセン前,en,Kyoei Komisen-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校行スクール（雄飛が丘経由）,en,Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Yuhigaoka : School Bus)
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更高校行スクール（国道経由）,en,Otofuke Koko-mae(Via Route 241 : School Bus)
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（新得駅・屈足・鹿追営業所・鹿追高・音更高・音更経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Shintoku Eki, Kuttari, Shikaoi, Shikaoi Koko, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,帯広駅バスターミナル（屈足総合会館・鹿追営業所・鹿追高・音更高・音更経由）,en,"Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal(Via Kuttari, Shikaoi, Shikaoi Koko, Otofuke Koko, Otofuke)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>しらかば（フクハラ新得店・つつじが丘経由）,en,"<Loop>Shirakaba(Via Fukuhara Shintoku, Tsutsujigaoka)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>しらかば（つつじが丘公園経由）,en,<Loop>Shirakaba(Via Tsutsujigaoka Koen)
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（しらかば・広和経由）,en,"JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Shirakaba, Kowa)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅・なごみ・公民館（広和経由）,en,"JR Shintoku Eki, Nagomi, Kominkan(Via Kowa)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅・なごみ・公民館,en,"JR Shintoku Eki, Nagomi, Kominkan"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>公民館前（なごみ前経由）,en,<Loop>Kominkan-mae(Via Nagomi-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（公民館前・なごみ前経由）,en,"JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Nagomi, Kominkan)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（公民館前経由）,en,JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Kominkan-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前,en,JR Shintoku Eki-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>幸町2丁目（かえで中央・フクハラ屈足店経由）,en,"<Loop>Saiwaimachi 2-chome(Via Kaede, Fukuhara Kuttari)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>幸町2丁目（フクハラ屈足店前経由）,en,<Loop>Saiwaimachi 2-chome(Via Fukuhara Kuttariten-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（永福寺・屈足常盤・屈足親和経由）,en,"JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Eifukuji, Kuttari Tokiwa, Kuttari Shinwa)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（屈足常盤・屈足親和経由）,en,"JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Kuttari Tokiwa, Kuttari Shinwa)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（屈足親和・かえで中央経由）,en,"JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Kuttari Shinwa, Kaede Chuo)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（屈足中学校・かえで中央経由）,en,"JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Kuttari Chugakko, Kaede Chuo)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（かえで中央経由）,en,JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Kaede Chuo)
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（屈足中学校・かえで団地経由）,en,"JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Kuttari Chugakko, Kaede Danchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,JR新得駅前（かえで団地経由）,en,JR Shintoku Eki-mae(Via Kaede Danchi)
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>神居福祉館前（体育館・西清水経由）,en,"<Loop>Kamui Fukushikan-mae(Via Taiikukan, Nishi-shimizu)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,十勝清水駅前（西清水・神居福祉館経由）,en,"Tokachi-shimizu Eki-mae(Via Nishi-shimizu, Kamui Fukushikan)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,十勝清水駅前（神居福祉館経由）,en,Tokachi-shimizu Eki-mae(Via Kamui Fukushikan)
stop_times,stop_headsign,清水駅・清和団地・ツルハ,en,"Shimizu Eki, Seiwa Danchi, Turuha"
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>ツルハドラッグ前（東団地・清和団地経由）,en,"<Loop>Turuha Drug-mae(Via Higashi Danchi, Seiwa Danchi)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,御影駅前（清和団地・ツルハ・清水駅経由）,en,"Mikage Eki-mae(Via Seiwa Danchi, Turuha, Shimizu Eki)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,御影駅前（ツルハドラッグ・清水駅経由）,en,"Mikage Eki-mae(Via Turuha Drug, Shimizu Eki-mae)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,御影駅前,en,Mikage Eki-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,十勝清水駅前,en,Tokachi-shimizu Eki-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,十勝清水駅前（清和団地・ツルハドラッグ経由）,en,"Tokachi-shimizu Eki-mae(Via Seiwa Danchi, Turuha Drug)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,十勝清水駅前（ツルハドラッグ経由）,en,Tokachi-shimizu Eki-mae(Via Turuha Drug)
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得小学校前（新得駅前・畜産試験場前経由）,en,"Shintoku Shogakko-mae(Via Shintoku Eki, Chikusan Shikenjo)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得小学校前（畜産試験場前経由）,en,Shintoku Shogakko-mae(Via Chikusan Shikenjo-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,<循環>新得小学校前（畜産試験場前経由）,en,<Loop>Shintoku Shogakko-mae(Via Chikusan Shikenjo-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得小学校前,en,Shintoku Shogakko-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,上佐幌20号（新得駅前経由）,en,Kami-sahoro 20-go(Via Shintoku Eki-mae)
stop_times,stop_headsign,上佐幌20号,en,Kami-sahoro 20-go
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得高等支援学校前（帯広・芽室経由）,en,"Shintoku Koto Shien Gakko-mae(Via Obihiro, Memuro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得高等支援学校前（芽室経由）,en,Shintoku Koto Shien Gakko-mae(Via Memuro)
stop_times,stop_headsign,新得高等支援学校前,en,Shintoku Koto Shien Gakko-mae
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更大通1丁目（芽室中央・帯広駅バスターミナル経由）,en,"Otofuke Odori 1-chome(Via Memuro, Obihiro)"
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更大通1丁目（帯広駅バスターミナル経由）,en,Otofuke Odori 1-chome(Via Obihiro-eki Bus Terminal)
stop_times,stop_headsign,音更大通1丁目,en,Otofuke Odori 1-chome
routes,route_long_name,帯広の森臨時線,en,Obihiro-no Mori Line(Temporary bus)
routes,route_long_name,勝毎花火臨時線,en,Kachimai Hanabi Line(Temporary bus)
routes,route_long_name,上士幌スクール線,en,Kami-shihoro School Line
routes,route_long_name,音更コミバス(すずらん号),en,Otofuke Community Bus(Suzuran Line)
routes,route_long_name,音更高校スクール線(雄飛が丘経由),en,Otofuke Koko School Line(Via Yuhigaoka)
routes,route_long_name,音更高校スクール線（国道経由）,en,Otofuke Koko School Line(Via Route241)
routes,route_long_name,新得コミバス(新得市街地線),en,Shintoku Community Bus(Shintoku District Line)
routes,route_long_name,新得コミバス(屈足地区線),en,Shintoku Community Bus(Kuttari District Line)
routes,route_long_name,新得コミバス(屈足早朝線),en,Shintoku Community Bus(Kuttari Morning Line)
routes,route_long_name,清水コミバス,en,Shimizu Community Bus
routes,route_long_name,上佐幌線,en,Kami-Sahoro Line
routes,route_long_name,新得高等支援学校スクール線,en,Shintoku Koto Shien Gakko School Line
